{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nWhat should I do if the brake light or water temperature light is on?", "answer": "1. Brake light on: First check whether the brake oil is sufficient. If the brake oil level is normal, it may be that the brake pads are seriously worn or there is a problem with the brake system. It is recommended to go to a professional auto repair shop for inspection and repair as soon as possible.\n\n2. Water temperature light on: This usually indicates that the engine coolant temperature is too high. Stop immediately and let the engine cool naturally. Do not turn off the flame immediately, as this will cause the overheated coolant inside the engine to fail to circulate. After the water temperature drops, check whether the coolant is sufficient. If there is any shortage, add the coolant. If the coolant is sufficient but the water temperature light is still on, it may be that the cooling system is faulty and needs to be repaired at a professional auto repair shop in time.", "reason": "In the reference answer, the brake light or water temperature light is on, and it is necessary to ensure safety, check the brake system, check the water temperature, and seek help. There are more than or equal to 3 points. The model answer needs to contain at least 3 points.\nThe model answers gave two main points: \"check the brake system\" and \"check the water temperature\".\nThe reference answer has 3 or more points, and the answer gives 2 points. The 2 points in the answer are given in great detail, and each point is explained in detail.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0, "reference": "Ensure safety: Ensure the safety of your vehicle and surrounding roads before taking any measures. If possible, pull over to the side of the road and turn off the engine.\nCheck the braking system: If the brake lights are on, first check the braking system. If the brake light is always on, it may be that the braking system is faulty. In this situation, you need to reduce your speed and find a safe place to stop as soon as possible.\nCheck the water temperature: If the water temperature indicator light is on, it may be that the coolant temperature is too high. In this case, the engine should be turned off and wait for the coolant temperature to drop. After the coolant temperature drops, you can try to restart the engine.\nSeek help: If the brake lights or water temperature lamps are still on, or if there is another malfunction, seek help or contact rescue services as soon as possible.\nIn conclusion, when the brake light or water temperature light is on, appropriate measures should be taken in time to ensure the safety of the vehicle and surrounding roads. If the problem cannot be solved, seek help or contact rescue services as soon as possible."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nWhat is the reason why cold cars are difficult to start?", "answer": "The reason why the cold car is difficult to start may be due to engine mechanical system failures, such as air leakage in the intake pipe, lax valve closure, excessive carbon deposits in the intake valve and intake pipe, etc., which may cause the injected gasoline to be adsorbed by carbon deposits and cannot enter the combustion chamber. It may also be because the oil viscosity is too high. Under low temperature conditions, the oil viscosity increases and the fluidity becomes poor, resulting in insufficient engine lubrication and increased starting resistance.", "reason": "In the reference answer, it is difficult to start the cold car, which may be due to engine mechanical system failure, engine management system failure, ignition system failure, lubricating oil flow reduction, oil supply system failure, engine temperature shortage, spark plug aging or damage, gasoline pump pressure shortage or pressure relief, water temperature sensor inaccuracy. So there are more than or equal to 3 points, and the model answer needs to answer at least 3 points.\nThe model answer gave two main points: \"engine mechanical system failure\" and \"oil viscosity is too high\".\nThe reference answer has 3 or more points, and the answer gives 2 points. The 2 points in the answer are given in great detail, and each point is explained in detail.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0, "reference": "The reasons why a cold car is difficult to start may include the following:\nEngine mechanical system failure: such as air leakage in the intake pipe, lax sealing between the piston and the cylinder, lax valve closing, excessive carbon deposits in the intake valve and intake pipe, etc., resulting in the injection of gasoline being adsorbed by carbon deposits and unable to enter the combustion chamber.\nEngine management system failure: such as weak speed sensor signal, incorrect water temperature signal, poor line contact, etc.\nThe ignition system is faulty: for example, too much carbon deposits in spark plugs or wrong gaps, leakage of high-voltage wires, damage to ignition coils, etc.\nReduced fluidity of lubricating oil: Under lower temperature conditions, the fluidity of the oil will decrease, resulting in increased friction during the cold start of the engine, which is also one of the main reasons for the difficulty of starting the engine.\nFuel supply system failure: such as insufficient holding pressure, leakage or blockage of fuel injectors, etc.\nInsufficient engine temperature: The oil and oil temperature are insufficient, and the oil supply needs to be increased at the cold start to meet the power demand.\nThe spark plug is aging or damaged: it cannot be ignited or the ignition energy is insufficient, the temperature of the combustible mixture is too low at the first start, and the spark is not enough to ignite the combustible mixture; at the second start, the engine is compressed many times, and the temperature of the combustible mixture is increased, making it easier to ignite, and the engine can be started.\nGasoline pump pressure is insufficient or pressure relief.\nInaccurate water temperature sensor: This is also the most common reason why cold cars are difficult to start. If the water temperature sensor is inaccurate, it may also correct the fuel injection when the car is hot, causing the phenomenon of thin mixture, which in turn leads to the failure of cold cars to start.\nThe above are all possible reasons that may cause the cold car to be difficult to start, and it needs to be investigated and dealt with according to the actual situation."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nWhat are the serious consequences if the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated?", "answer": "If the oil pump fails to dissipate heat effectively, it may lead to the following consequences:\n\n1. Oil pump overheating damage: Without effective heat dissipation, the temperature of the oil pump may continue to rise, eventually causing damage to the oil pump.\n\n2. Engine performance degradation: When the oil pump fails to function properly, it will result in insufficient engine fuel supply, which will affect the performance and lifespan of the engine.\n\n3. Engine failure: If the oil pump has been unable to dissipate heat and continue to work, it may cause various engine failures, such as oil leakage, abnormal noise, etc.\n\nTherefore, it is very important to ensure that the oil pump can effectively dissipate heat, otherwise it may pose a serious threat to the performance and safety of the car.", "reason": "In the reference answer, the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, which will shorten the life of the oil pump and damage the oil pump. So there are 2 points, and the model answer needs to contain at least 2 points.\nThe model answers provide three key points: oil pump damage, engine performance degradation, and engine failure.\nThe reference answer has two main points, and the answer gives three main points.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0, "reference": "If the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, the following serious consequences may occur:\nOil pump life is shortened: The oil pump needs to rely on gasoline to cool down. If the gasoline cannot overflow the oil pump, the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, resulting in a shortened oil pump life.\nOil pump damage: If there is insufficient gasoline, the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, which may also cause direct damage to the oil pump.\nTherefore, when the fuel gauge light is on, it is recommended to locate the nearest gas station to refuel as soon as possible to avoid the above consequences."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nWhat are the serious consequences if the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated?", "answer": "If the oil pump cannot effectively dissipate heat, it may shorten the lifespan of the oil pump. The oil pump needs to rely on gasoline to cool down. If the gasoline cannot overflow the oil pump, the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, resulting in a shortened lifespan of the oil pump.", "reason": "In the reference answer, the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, which will shorten the life of the oil pump and damage the oil pump. So there are 2 points, and the model answer needs to contain at least 2 points.\nThe model answer gives the main point of shortening the life of the oil pump.\nThe reference answer has two main points, and the answer gives one main point.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"incomplete answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1, "reference": "If the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, the following serious consequences may occur:\nOil pump life is shortened: The oil pump needs to rely on gasoline to cool down. If the gasoline cannot overflow the oil pump, the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, resulting in a shortened oil pump life.\nOil pump damage: If there is insufficient gasoline, the oil pump cannot be effectively dissipated, which may also cause direct damage to the oil pump.\nTherefore, when the fuel gauge light is on, it is recommended to locate the nearest gas station to refuel as soon as possible to avoid the above consequences."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nWhat is the definition of violent driving?", "answer": "Violent driving refers to the driver's unconventional and dangerous driving methods, such as speeding, braking, sharp turns, frequent lane changes, etc., which endanger the safety of himself and others. This kind of driving behavior can easily lead to traffic accidents and bring potential danger to pedestrians and other vehicles.", "reason": "In the reference answer, the definition of violent driving is given, some examples of violent driving are given, and the harm of violent driving is said. So there are more than or equal to 3 points, and the model answer needs to answer at least 3 points.\nThe model answers provide a definition of violent driving, provide some examples of violent driving, and explain the potential danger that violent driving poses to pedestrians and other vehicles.\nThe reference answer has three key points, and the answer gives three key points.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0, "reference": "1. Definition of violent driving: driving a car without following standard operating methods, such as low-speed ultra-high-speed, high-speed low-speed driving for a long time, sudden braking acceleration, cornering without deceleration, and in-situ drifting, etc., all belong to the category of violent driving. 2. Hazards of violent driving: The operating temperature of the engine is around 90 ° C. If a floor oil goes down and the temperature has not reached 90 ° C, it will run at high speed, causing the temperature of the engine to rise rapidly. Since the lubricating fluid of the engine is too late to lubricate and cool down, it will exacerbate the wear of the engine. It is also possible to burn oil. In serious cases, there will be cylinder pulling and cylinder bursting."}
