{"instruction": "Reference information: The picture comes from the Internet. A car is composed of thousands of accessories. During the driving process, all parts of the car must work, and close cooperation should be carried out between each component to ensure the normal operation of the car. There are many common auto parts, such as glass water, wiper blades, water plugs, brake pads, etc. For the repair and maintenance of the car, it is very necessary to know the function of the auto parts. Today, Xiaoda will explain to you the knowledge of auto parts. It is worth every car owner to be familiar with it and ensure driving safety. Let's learn together. First, the introduction picture of the commonly used auto parts comes from the Internet. 1. The function of the car air filter is to filter the dust suspended in the air when the engine is working to ensure clean intake. The air filter element on the car is mostly paper material. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is about 20,000 kilometers. The specific replacement time is mainly based on the use environment and usage. 2. The function of the air conditioner filter element and the air filter is a truth. When the air conditioner is turned on, the dust or pollen that enters the air in the air conditioning system is filtered to ensure that the evaporation tank and the air inside the car are clean. 3. The function of the gasoline filter This accessory is to filter out impurities in the fuel and make the post-combustion mixture entering the cylinder cleaner. On the one hand, it can protect the engine and on the other hand make the emissions more environmentally friendly. Most engines are equipped with disposable non-removable paper filter element gasoline filters. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is 10,000 kilometers. 4. Engine oil is also called engine lubricating oil. If the engine is the heart of the car, then the oil is the blood of the car. Its main function is to flow in the various positions of the engine that need to be lubricated when the engine is running, reducing the wear and tear between the various components of the engine, so as to prolong the service life of the engine. 5. The function of the spark plug for the spark plug is simply to ignite the combustible mixture. The spark plug can introduce the high-voltage current in the battery into the cylinder, generating an electric spark to ignite the mixed gas in the cylinder, so that the cylinder starts to work and start the engine. The spark plug of the car is an accessory that needs to be replaced regularly. Every time the ignition is started, it will cause a certain loss to the spark plug. Bad car habits will also lead to more carbon deposits, which will affect the life of the spark plug. The picture comes from the Internet 6. The main function of glass water glass water is to clean windshield glass and headlights. Glass water is divided into two types: winter and summer glass water. In winter, glass water with a lower freezing point is used according to the local temperature. In summer, glass water is mostly used for cleaning and degumming. 7. The function of wiper blades wiper blades is to refresh the surface of windshield glass in rainy days to ensure a clear field of vision. The wiper blades need to be replaced when wiping is not clean. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is about 1 year. 8. Brake pads, also known as brake pads, are executive parts in the braking system. The quality of the brake pads directly affects the performance of the brakes. When the brake pedal is pressed, the brake pads will be squeezed on the brake disc or brake drum and rubbed to prevent the wheels from rotating. Different driving habits can make a huge difference in the wear of the brake pads. The specific replacement time needs to be judged by yourself. 9. Transmission oil. Transmission oil is also called transmission oil. Its main function is to form a layer of oil film to cushion the strong impact when shifting gears. On the one hand, it can make the gearbox work more smoothly. On the other hand, it can keep the gearbox clean and prolong its service life. The picture comes from the Internet 10. Antifreeze Antifreeze is also called coolant. Its main function is to prevent freezing and dissipate heat to the engine. Of course, antifreeze is not equal to water. The substances incorporated in it can play the role of anti-corrosion and anti-scale. 11. Clutch plate The function of the clutch plate is to transmit power to the transmission. Under normal circumstances, the clutch plate does not need to be replaced, but if you smell burnt smell, shake and gear difficulty in the car, you need to diagnose and troubleshoot whether there is a problem with the clutch. If so, you need to replace it. 2. Introduction to essential tools for car driving 1. Star Auto Repair 121-piece tool set encountered some minor faults or problems that can be solved by yourself. You can use the Shanghai Star Auto Repair 121-piece combination set, which contains different sizes of sleeves, movable wrenches, screw batches and adapters and other on-board tools, which can provide great help in disassembling and assembling car parts and emergency situations. In addition, it can help us save a lot of time and economic costs, and is also convenient for later car maintenance and maintenance. ( Shida Auto Repair 121-Piece Tool Set, Model 09014A) 2. Safety Hammer When there is a failure of vehicle control lock control, you should use the car safety hammer to break the window glass to escape as soon as possible. It can play a very important role in self-rescue. In addition, in some special occasions, you can turn on the built-in alarm and rescue function of the car safety hammer. The purpose of long-distance distress can be achieved at night through a high-decibel strong flash alarm. 3. Triangle Warning Signs When a vehicle malfunctions or accidents occur, warning signs such as triangle warning signs should be placed in time to remind passing vehicles, which can effectively ensure everyone's driving safety. Shida Tips: Before driving, it is recommended to diagnose whether the car is faulty and carry driving tools to ensure the safety of your family and yourself. The above is the entire content of this chapter. If some content is helpful to you, you can forward it to your family and friends. If you have different opinions or questions about individual content, please leave a feedback in the comment area. See you tomorrow.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: Knowledge of auto parts\nPlease answer:", "answer": "1、2、3、4、5、6、7、8、9、10、11", "reason": "The answer is required to match the requirements of the question without error.\nThe answer changed to a string of numbers, but did not answer the question to introduce the knowledge of auto parts.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What are the model specifications of Nissan Qashqai tires?\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) What are the tire model specifications?\nBest Answer\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies) There are two tire models: 215/55R18 and 225/45R19. The first number 215 represents the tire width is 215MM, 55 means the flat ratio of the tire section is 55%, that is, the section height is 55% of the width, the letter R represents the radial tire, and 15 represents the rim diameter is 15 inches. The maximum speed of Nissan Qashqai is 186km/h, and the fuel consumption of 100 kilometers is 6.2L. In addition to the model, the following commonly used data are also marked on the tire: Carcass Cord Material: expressed in Chinese (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies), such as M-cotton cord, R-rayon cord, N-nylon cord, G-steel cord, ZG-steel radial cord tire. Speed class: Indicates the maximum speed at which the tire can carry the specified load under specified conditions. Letters A to Z represent the certified speed class of the tire from 4.8km/h to 300km/h. Commonly used speed classes are: Q: 160km/h; H: 210km/h; V: 240km/h; W: 270km/h; Y: 300km/h; Rim specification: Indicates the rim specification that matches the tire. Easy to use in practice, such as standard rim 5.00F.\nQashqai uses Bridgestone Tairan series tires, with a specification of 215/55 R18. There are almost no differences in the appearance of the three test cars this time. The same front and rear light sets and the same 18-inch wheels all look good. In addition, the active safety configuration is relatively in place, the body stability system, various active control systems, and dual-mode steering power system are not left behind.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: How many inches is the Qashqai wheel?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Qashqai's rims are available in 5.00F and 18-inch sizes.", "reason": "The answer is required to match the requirements of the question without error.\nThe reference information mentions that Nissan Qashqai tire models are 215/55R18, 225/45R19, indicating that the rim diameter is 18 or 19 inches.\nThe answer says there are 5.00F and 18 inches, but 5.00F is the rim specification, not the size.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: In the past, when it came to sports cars, the Focus was definitely a car that could not be bypassed, and the old American model in my impression has always been the main competitor of golf. Although Ford still sells very well in the mainland on the other side of the ocean, like pickup trucks and even the Great Wall of the domestic SUV class, it is really terrible in the Chinese market. Now the Focus is close to being marginalized, and even the news that Geely wants to buy Ford is really painful for many old car fans! However, the Focus is still relatively popular in the second-hand market due to its good reputation. Car dealer friends there received a 06 years of Fox, although it has been close to 13 years of age, but the driving distance is only 90,000 kilometers, in the group quoted 1.5W people rushed to, had to increase the price to 2W, let's take a look, what is the charm of this Fox, can there be so many fans? First of all, let's take a look at the appearance of the standard of 20,000 dollars to see this car, the appearance is still satisfactory. Although the overall can be seen is an old car, but this generation of Fox design is still relatively full, C pillar part although a bit awkward, but who let the sedan in our country more popular? Like the two sets of lines under the door, although stiff, it still looks very powerful, and it looks much more comfortable than the chrome one; although the wheel size of this car is relatively small, the shape is much stronger than the Nissan sunshine. Let's take a look at the interior of this car. In fact, the design of this generation of Fox is also reflected in the classic Fox, especially the oval air conditioner trend, which should be regarded as an iconic thing of Fox. The outer ring is decorated with chrome, which looks quite textured. As for the multimedia control area below, it is a bit outdated. Nowadays, ordinary car owners no longer use CDs, and the dense buttons do not conform to today's minimalist style. Of course, there are not many scenarios where these functions are actually used. Most car owners drive away directly after getting on the bus, and most of them listen to the radio for entertainment. Let's take a look at the details of this car to buy a used car, especially a used car with a longer age. The difference in interior maintenance is still very large. Some cars that are used intensively and the owner does not like to take care of maintenance are often worn out in a few years. But this Focus is obviously favored by the previous owner. There is no obvious wear and tear on all parts, especially those plastic parts. There are no signs of aging. This can also be seen from the mileage of the vehicle. After only driving 90,000 kilometers in 12 years, the intensity of this car is still relatively low. Finally, let's take a look at the power Focus positioning of this car, which is an A-class sedan between sports and household. This model is equipped with a 1.8L naturally aspirated engine + 5MT transmission. Manual transmission models are almost scarce now, but their advantages are still very obvious. The power is completely in their own hands, the overtaking acceleration is crisp, and because of the mature technology, it is more reliable than all automatic transmissions. So, let's get back to the topic, why is there still so many people grabbing this Focus offer of 1.5W? Brother Cheng summed up three reasons: 1. The vehicle itself is relatively classic, and the power control is not bad. 2. The vehicle is well maintained inside and outside, and it can be driven directly when you buy it back. 3. The price is affordable, and it is convenient to change hands. Of course, if you are also considering older used cars, you must also pay attention to the issue of emission standards to avoid problems during transfer.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What year is the best used Fox?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "In the past, when it came to sports cars, the Focus was definitely a car that couldn't be bypassed, and in my impression, this old and beautiful model has always been the main competitor of golf.", "reason": "The answer is required to match the requirements of the question without error.\nAlthough the reference answer does not clearly answer which year the second-hand Fox is good, it introduces that the second-hand Fox market in 2006 is very good, and details the various points for judging the quality of second-hand Fox.\nThe answer briefly introduced the Fox car, but did not answer the question \"What year is the second-hand Fox good?\"\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: Today, Feifei will explain to you, 200,000 to the 5 most worth buying models in 300,000. As a car dealer, I have also sold the most models, and several models that have been well received by customers are quite cost-effective. · The first one is the 18-year-old Cadillac XT5, be sure to buy the four-wheel drive deluxe version with more than one configuration. This car is rare to use the ZF 8AT gearbox, which is quite stable in quality and has a very low failure rate. · The second one is the 18-year BMW 5 Series, which has been replaced with the B48 engine with an unparalleled sense of heaviness and overweight. The top ZF 8AT gearbox has a very low failure rate and excellent value retention rate. The first owner's three-year devaluation has passed, and the second-hand car is currently in the peak of cost performance. · The third model is the 19-year-old Volvo S90T five version, the space super mass is quite stable, it has a very mysterious common problem is low-frequency resonance, 70% of people can't feel it, 30% of people can feel it. So buy this car must go to the test drive in person, if you can't feel it, then hurry up and start. · The fourth model is the 18 brand-new Audi Q5L, which is also the most suitable SUV for home use. The same level of fuel consumption is the lowest in the same level with increased space, and there is almost no common problem. · The fifth model is the 19 Audi A6L, the 40 luxury Zhiya model, the best fuel consumption in the same level, the value retention rate is quite stable, the quality is reliable, and the failure rate is low. The first round of car owners has just passed three years of big depreciation, and the second-hand cost performance is at its peak. Follow Feifei to understand the latest price of each car.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: 200,000 left and right used cars\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Sorry, I can't answer this question. Your question may require more specific information to provide an accurate answer.", "reason": "The answer is required to match the requirements of the question without error.\nThe reference answer introduces five used cars such as Cadillac XT5 200,000.\nThe answer said it could not answer the question, explicitly refused to answer the question, gave no information, but did not contain incorrect information either.\nSo there's no question of wrong answer.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: For a family car that travels 10,000 kilometers a year, choose a pure electric vehicle, a hybrid vehicle or a gasoline vehicle. The following factors need to be considered: cruising range, charging facilities, car purchase costs, fuel costs, environmental friendliness, driving experience, etc. Pure electric vehicles: Benefits: Pure electric vehicles do not produce exhaust emissions and are environmentally friendly. The cruising range of electric vehicles is gradually increasing, and some new models can meet the driving needs of 10,000 kilometers. Electric vehicles are easy to charge and can be charged at home or at public charging piles, and the charging cost is relatively low. Disadvantages: At present, the purchase cost of electric vehicles is high, charging facilities are not fully popularized, and the scarcity of charging stations during long-distance driving is also a problem. The charging time is relatively long, and the charging time arrangement needs to be considered. The range is limited, and more charging plans are required for long-distance travel. Hybrid vehicles: Advantages: Hybrid vehicles combine the advantages of internal combustion engines and electric motors, which can reduce fuel consumption and exhaust emissions to a certain extent. The range of hybrid vehicles is relatively long, which can meet the driving demand of 10,000 kilometers. The charging facilities are relatively mature, and the charging time is relatively short. Disadvantages: The purchase cost of hybrid vehicles is higher, and the fuel consumption is still higher than that of pure electric vehicles. The driving experience of hybrid vehicles may not be as good as that of pure electric vehicles, because it still relies on the internal combustion engine. Gasoline vehicles: Advantages: The purchase cost of gasoline vehicles is relatively low, gas stations are more common, refueling time is fast, and driving mileage is limited. Internal combustion engine technology is mature, and repair and maintenance are relatively simple. The driving experience of gasoline vehicles may be closer to traditional driving methods. Disadvantages: gasoline vehicles have higher fuel consumption and exhaust emissions, which are not friendly to the environment. Long-term use will generate more fuel costs. To sum up, pure electric vehicles are environmentally friendly, but the cost of car purchase is high and charging facilities are not yet widespread; hybrid vehicles have certain advantages in fuel conservation, but the cost of car purchase is also higher; gasoline vehicles have low cost of car purchase, but higher fuel consumption and exhaust emissions. According to personal needs and economic conditions, you can choose the model that suits you.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What kind of car is cost-effective to buy 10,000 kilometers a year?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "When purchasing a car, a variety of factors should be considered, such as cruising range, charging facilities, car purchase cost, fuel cost, environmental protection and driving experience. For family cars that travel about 10,000 kilometers per year, pure electric vehicles have environmental advantages and convenient charging, but there is still room for improvement in car purchase costs and charging facilities.\nHybrid vehicles have both energy saving and driving experience, but the purchase cost is higher. While gasoline vehicles have lower purchase costs, they consume more fuel and emit more exhaust.\nTherefore, you can decide which type of vehicle to buy based on your budget and your environmental needs.", "reason": "The answer is required to match the requirements of the question without error.\nReference Answers For the annual one-kilometer car purchase demand, the advantages and disadvantages of buying pure electric, hybrid, and gasoline vehicles are detailed.\nThe answer introduces the characteristics of pure electric, hybrid and gasoline vehicles in terms of vehicle purchase cost, fuel consumption, exhaust emissions, etc. And the information given is correct, and the answer is correct.\nSo there's no question of wrong answer.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
