{"instruction": "Reference information: In the past, when it came to sports cars, the Focus was definitely a car that could not be bypassed, and the old American model in my impression has always been the main competitor of golf. Although Ford still sells very well in the mainland on the other side of the ocean, like pickup trucks and even the Great Wall of the domestic SUV class, it is really terrible in the Chinese market. Now the Focus is close to being marginalized, and even the news that Geely wants to buy Ford is really painful for many old car fans! However, the Focus is still relatively popular in the second-hand market due to its good reputation. Car dealer friends there received a 06 years of Fox, although it has been close to 13 years of age, but the driving distance is only 90,000 kilometers, in the group quoted 1.5W people rushed to, had to increase the price to 2W, let's take a look, what is the charm of this Fox, can there be so many fans? First of all, let's take a look at the appearance of the standard of 20,000 dollars to see this car, the appearance is still satisfactory. Although the overall can be seen is an old car, but this generation of Fox design is still relatively full, C pillar part although a bit awkward, but who let the sedan in our country more popular? Like the two sets of lines under the door, although stiff, it still looks very powerful, and it looks much more comfortable than the chrome one; although the wheel size of this car is relatively small, the shape is much stronger than the Nissan sunshine. Let's take a look at the interior of this car. In fact, the design of this generation of Fox is also reflected in the classic Fox, especially the oval air conditioner trend, which should be regarded as an iconic thing of Fox. The outer ring is decorated with chrome, which looks quite textured. As for the multimedia control area below, it is a bit outdated. Nowadays, ordinary car owners no longer use CDs, and the dense buttons do not conform to today's minimalist style. Of course, there are not many scenarios where these functions are actually used. Most car owners drive away directly after getting on the bus, and most of them listen to the radio for entertainment. Let's take a look at the details of this car to buy a used car, especially a used car with a longer age. The difference in interior maintenance is still very large. Some cars that are used intensively and the owner does not like to take care of maintenance are often worn out in a few years. But this Focus is obviously favored by the previous owner. There is no obvious wear and tear on all parts, especially those plastic parts. There are no signs of aging. This can also be seen from the mileage of the vehicle. After only driving 90,000 kilometers in 12 years, the intensity of this car is still relatively low. Finally, let's take a look at the power Focus positioning of this car, which is an A-class sedan between sports and household. This model is equipped with a 1.8L naturally aspirated engine + 5MT transmission. Manual transmission models are almost scarce now, but their advantages are still very obvious. The power is completely in their own hands, the overtaking acceleration is crisp, and because of the mature technology, it is more reliable than all automatic transmissions. So, let's get back to the topic, why is there still so many people grabbing this Focus offer of 1.5W? Brother Cheng summed up three reasons: 1. The vehicle itself is relatively classic, and the power control is not bad. 2. The vehicle is well maintained inside and outside, and it can be driven directly when you buy it back. 3. The price is affordable, and it is convenient to change hands. Of course, if you are also considering older used cars, you must also pay attention to the issue of emission standards to avoid problems during transfer.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What year is the best used Fox?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The article did not mention which year the second-hand Fox was good.", "reason": "Ask for a positive answer to a question, and you cannot refuse to answer for various reasons.\nThe answer used \"not mentioned in the text\" to avoid answering the question.\nSo there is a \"no answer\" question in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: The method of using Teana remote start is: 1. Stand within 50 meters of the vehicle; 2. Press the lock button on the key, then press and hold the start button, and press for 3 to 5 seconds; 3. Wait for the lights to turn on, and the vehicle will start after 1 to 2 seconds.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: Teana mobile phone remote start tutorial\nPlease answer:", "answer": "1. Stand within 50 meters of the vehicle.\n2. Press the lock button on the key, then press and hold the start button, and press and hold for 3 to 5 seconds.\n3. Wait for the lights to turn on and start the vehicle after 1 to 2 seconds.", "reason": "Ask for a positive answer to a question, and you cannot refuse to answer for various reasons.\nThe question asked for a tutorial on starting the phone remotely, but the answer gave a tutorial on starting it with the car key, giving an answer that was completely irrelevant to the question, and the answer was wrong. But since there was no explicit refusal to answer, it was not a refusal to answer.\nSo there is no such thing as a no-answer.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: For a long time in the past, cars could only focus on one field, either to meet the performance of paved roads, or they would only go bad. Even in the era of SUV prevalence, there were few real all-terrain vehicles. It was not until the emergence of the concept of crossover vehicles that there was a model that could cope with all road conditions. Subaru can be said to be the originator of this field. In addition to the \"Impreza chassis\" of the forest people, Aohu also entered the country as early as 2003, which is the representative model of the earliest batch of crossover SUVs. Now based on the new generation of Subaru Impreza SGP chassis, the derivative Subaru Crosstrek has been officially listed in China. The new appearance, more powerful 2.5L engine, and the starting price of less than 200,000 can show the sincerity of the manufacturer. I will also have a full experience of it, and from the perspective of an old Subaru Lion owner, see the true performance of Subaru's latest crossover compact SUV. Appearance: a more wild Impreza, highly malleable styling Subaru Crosstrek uses the latest family-style design, you can see the blood relationship with the latest Impreza, compared to past models to be sharper, the same style can also be seen on the Lion, pay more attention to youth and sports presentation. The addition of off-road kits makes the appearance of the Crosstrek more tough, the middle net uses the internal details of the grid, and has a through-type design, the visual effect is fuller. The bumper has more matte black guards. In addition to the regular position below, the fog lights on both sides also use the same material guards, which is more handy when dealing with bad road conditions. The overall line of the side is also the same as that of the Impreza. The addition of the off-road kit makes the contrast effect on the side stronger. The 17-inch five-frame blackened wheel hub on the test drive car has a dynamic shape. I personally think it is more in line with the style of the whole car than the two-color wheel hub of the top model. Subaru Crosstrek uses a heavy rear bumper to make the visual effect of the rear of the car fuller and more powerful. There is a matte black diffuser below, and at the same time, it takes into account the function of the guard plate. The guard of the rear fender can also effectively resist the impact of sand and gravel. The C-type taillights have a strong three-dimensional feel, the width indicator lights and brake lights are made of LED materials, and the rest of the functional lamps are made of halogen materials. This aspect is indeed a bit out of date. Fortunately, the overall shape is still good, and the lighting effect is also very good. Comments: The Subaru Crosstrek has a dynamic and wild appearance, and the design derived from the Impreza also provides it with more ideas for modification. Whether to lower the body with the original wide-body kit and take the attitude route, or follow the official Wilderness version to further strengthen the passability, can be realized on the Crosstrek, which is as good as its predecessors in terms of appearance plasticity and playability. Interior: Simple and easy-to-use interior experience, slightly mediocre multimedia system Subaru Crosstrek interior is a familiar style, basically from the Impreza to WRX are using this set of interior design, the overall style is also simple and simple, using a very conventional symmetrical layout, to sound like it follows the tradition, but it is indeed a little behind the times. The 11.6-inch central control screen size is in place, but the function is only qualified, and there is not much third-party software, but Carplay can still be used to better meet the needs of daily use. In addition, some vehicle-related information can also be displayed through the screen, such as the relatively rare oil temperature can also be displayed, and the smooth and stable operation is good. The dashboard is a conventional double round shape, and the middle part has a colorful LCD driving computer. The information display is still rich, and the middle car will also have the details of the brake light linkage. Driving-related functions are very handy. First of all, the shift texture of the physical gear handle can be well received. Not only is the damping of the gear switch just right, but the limit is also quite clear, which is reflected when controlling the manual mode. The steering wheel integrates many function buttons, including the commonly used driving mode options, as well as the relevant buttons of Eyesight intelligent assisted driving, and there is no pressure to even perform blind operation after familiarization. The other three-frame steering wheel has an excellent grip, which ensures a comfortable grip while ensuring sufficient movement in the appearance. In terms of riding, the rear seat space is much more optimistic than the phenomenon, and the legroom and head space can be guaranteed. Even passengers who are over 180cm tall sit in the back seat, but there is a cramped feeling. Whether it is the front and rear seats, it can ensure enough wrapping and support, especially the rear seats, the seat cushions are thicker and even better than many mid-class cars of the same level. Comments: The interior of Subaru Crosstrek does not have functional problems. On the contrary, various functions are easy to use, in line with the understanding of traditional cars. However, we still hope to improve the sense of multimedia and technology. After all, domestic consumers are used to various large screens, and Crosstrek does not have any advantages in this regard. Driving: The 2.5L engine has sufficient torque, and the chassis texture exceeds that of the same class of models. The new Subaru Crosstrek sold domestically is equipped with a 2.5L horizontally opposed four-cylinder engine codenamed FB25-DI, with a maximum power of 169 horsepower/5000-5800rpm and a peak torque of 252N · m/3800rpm. The transmission system is a CVT gearbox that can simulate 8 speeds. The OurHours four-wheel drive system will naturally not be absent. The 2.5L engine makes the Crosstrek light and is equipped with a streamlined SI-Drive driving mode. When in the [I] mode, the throttle response is not slow, and the 2.5L engine's abundant low-rotation torque can be clearly felt. Daily driving has a satisfactory acceleration ability at about 2000 rpm, and it is also more relaxed in dealing with midway acceleration. The CVT smoothly executed every shift, and basically did not feel the impact of the shift. The [I] mode was enough to deal with most of the daily driving road conditions. Of course, Subaru did not lose its own sports genes, and the potential of the engine was further stimulated in the [S] mode. At this time, the speed of the throttle response and the logic of the gearbox will also change, and I prefer to keep the engine in the high-speed range. In the case of deep stepping on the throttle, the power distribution is quite smooth, and there will be no sudden explosion or obvious attenuation. This feeling of \"more and more\" reminds me of my own EZ30R six-cylinder machine. The new car is not like the past 3.0L H6's AVCS variable intake lift system, which needs to endure a period of shallow force before the system is turned on, but like a dead angle with almost no power output, most of the time can feel sufficient torque output. The chassis gives more surprises. The ground clearance of more than 20cm does not bring uneasy dynamics, but because of the low center of gravity of the horizontal opposition, it has a full sense of stability. After quickly entering the corner, the suspension supports the body firmly and powerfully, and the body can be felt to have good rigidity. The OurHours four-wheel drive is more like \"pressing\" the four wheels tightly to the ground, and the power distributed to the rear axle can be clearly felt, making the body almost take on a neutral cornering posture. Accurate steering can better judge the dynamics of the body, and the feedback is also true and linear, but it does not retain too much road feeling. Crosstrek's suspension is not simply soft or hard, but under good support, it is delicate vibration treatment. In addition to improving passability, the longer suspension stroke also has an innate advantage for the absorption of road vibration, and the general rotten road will not often hit the bottom. In addition, Subaru's excellent craftsmanship has also been continued on the Crosstrek. During the entire test drive process, whether the vehicle is in a state of intense driving or dealing with bad road conditions, there is no noise in the car, and there is no abnormal sound in the interior. The solid frame rigidity and rigorous assembly are indispensable. Comments: The 2.5L engine activates the overall dynamic performance, both absolute power and daily driving performance are impeccable, fuel consumption performance is also very good. The texture of the chassis is beyond expectations, and there are almost no products that can be compared with it in the same price. It can be seen in the core driving experience that it still retains the essence of its predecessors and provides a more approachable car experience. Summarize Subaru Crosstrek is a product worthy of careful taste. The longer you spend with it, the more you can appreciate its inherent value. Looking back on the entire test drive experience, it is hard to imagine that the entry price of the Subaru Crosstrek is less than 200,000. Combined with high playability and high-quality mechanical performance, it is an all-round model that young people can afford, taking into account play attributes and home use. However, because the advantages of the Subaru Crosstrek take time to explore, it often cannot get attention at the first time. We still hope that it will be more in line with the times in some details and design, such as changing to a car that is more in line with the habits of domestic consumers, improving the material level and texture of the interior, etc., I believe it will be easier to win the recognition of domestic consumers.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: Subaru crosstrek test drive\nPlease answer:", "answer": "[...] The number of blank words is too small to recognize the complete information.", "reason": "Ask for a positive answer to a question, and you cannot refuse to answer for various reasons.\nThe answer circumvented answering the question by saying \"the complete information cannot be identified.\"\nSo there is a \"no answer\" question in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What is a particle trap? A particle trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine. It can capture particulate emissions before they enter the atmosphere to purify the exhaust. The diesel engine particle trap is called DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter), and the gasoline engine particle trap is called GPF (Gasoline Particulate Filter). In short, it is to wear a \"mask\" on our car to prevent saliva bacteria from being sprayed directly when we speak, reducing pollution to the atmosphere. The structure of the particle trap Why install a particle trap? The four harmful substances contained in the exhaust of the car are: nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, non-methylalkane and fine particulate matter. The first three gases can reduce pollutant emissions through a three-way catalytic device, while fine particulate matter needs to be solved by particle traps. In 19 years, in order to cope with the new national six standards for 20 years, car companies switched a large number of particle traps from diesel vehicles to gasoline vehicles, in order to enable their vehicles to meet the national six emission standards. Now, in July 2023, the implementation of more stringent national six B, in the current situation of high research and development costs and the trend of new energy, manufacturers are inevitably unwilling to invest a lot of money in internal combustion engines, so relatively cheap particle traps have become their choice. Types of particle traps What impact does particle traps have on us? For us, wearing a mask usually makes us feel bad about breathing, and the same is true for vehicles: adding such a large filter to the exhaust pipe will lead to extremely low exhaust gas circulation efficiency, so the exhaust gas generated by the vehicle engine during operation cannot be discharged smoothly. It generates a lot of exhaust back pressure on the engine of the vehicle, so that the power of the vehicle in the country 6b decreases. When the exhaust of the car is equipped with a particle trap to affect the power, the pressure of the engine will also increase; therefore, there will be a certain increase in fuel consumption. In addition, the replacement cost of the particle trap in the later stage is also a considerable expense, although the particle trap can now convert particles into gas by regeneration. But the failure rate is still very high, and there will always be a replacement day. If the three-year free warranty period has passed, the owner of the National 6B will be prepared to spend thousands of dollars to replace the particle trap. How to buy a car at this stage? First of all, there are many models that comply with the National 6A and do not have a particle trap. You can see if your favorite model has a particle trap. Secondly, when purchasing a vehicle, you can choose an energy vehicle or a hybrid model. This part of the model either does not require a particle trap or emits less particulate matter. Finally, if there is no escape, choose a particle trap closer to the engine, which can also reduce the blockage of the particle trap. What should we do if we have already bought a car with a particle trap? 1. Use low-ash oil. During the regeneration process of the particle trap, a lot of ash cannot be burned. After the ash generated by the combustion of the oil enters the particle trap, it is difficult to burn and regenerate. Using high-ash oil for a long time will accelerate the blockage of the particle trap. At this time, the particle trap must be removed and cleaned to increase maintenance costs. Turn on the high speed 2. Add high-quality fuel. The content of sulfur, phosphorus and impurities in the high-quality fuel is less to prevent the particle trap from clogging. 3. Learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. It is very important to learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. Increase the speed of the vehicle to more than 80km/h, release the throttle and let the vehicle slide for a while. At this time, the engine does not inject fuel, and oxygen does not participate in combustion. It directly enters the particle trap, increases the oxygen supply of the particle trap, increases the temperature of the particle trap, and burns off the tiny solid emissions of the particle trap. After several repetitions, the particle trap is successfully regenerated.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What is a particle trap?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The particulate trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine that captures and converts tiny particulate matter for the purpose of purifying the air.", "reason": "Ask for a positive answer to a question, and you cannot refuse to answer for various reasons.\nThe model answered the question positively and explicitly.\nSo there is no such thing as a no-answer.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: Today, Feifei will explain to you, 200,000 to the 5 most worth buying models in 300,000. As a car dealer, I have also sold the most models, and several models that have been well received by customers are quite cost-effective. · The first one is the 18-year-old Cadillac XT5, be sure to buy the four-wheel drive deluxe version with more than one configuration. This car is rare to use the ZF 8AT gearbox, which is quite stable in quality and has a very low failure rate. · The second one is the 18-year BMW 5 Series, which has been replaced with the B48 engine with an unparalleled sense of heaviness and overweight. The top ZF 8AT gearbox has a very low failure rate and excellent value retention rate. The first owner's three-year devaluation has passed, and the second-hand car is currently in the peak of cost performance. · The third model is the 19-year-old Volvo S90T five version, the space super mass is quite stable, it has a very mysterious common problem is low-frequency resonance, 70% of people can't feel it, 30% of people can feel it. So buy this car must go to the test drive in person, if you can't feel it, then hurry up and start. · The fourth model is the 18 brand-new Audi Q5L, which is also the most suitable SUV for home use. The same level of fuel consumption is the lowest in the same level with increased space, and there is almost no common problem. · The fifth model is the 19 Audi A6L, the 40 luxury Zhiya model, the best fuel consumption in the same level, the value retention rate is quite stable, the quality is reliable, and the failure rate is low. The first round of car owners has just passed three years of big depreciation, and the second-hand cost performance is at its peak. Follow Feifei to understand the latest price of each car.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: 200,000 left and right used cars\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Sorry, your question may require more specific information to provide an accurate answer. For example, do you have a more specific description of information such as the model, year, and requirements for specific features of the vehicle? This way I can provide more detailed advice and help.", "reason": "Ask for a positive answer to a question, and you cannot refuse to answer for various reasons.\nAs can be seen from \"Sorry, your question may require more specific information to provide an accurate answer\", the model refuses to answer the question\nSo there is a \"no answer\" question in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
