{"instruction": "Reference information: What is a particle trap? A particle trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine. It can capture particulate emissions before they enter the atmosphere to purify the exhaust. The diesel engine particle trap is called DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter), and the gasoline engine particle trap is called GPF (Gasoline Particulate Filter). In short, it is to wear a \"mask\" on our car to prevent saliva bacteria from being sprayed directly when we speak, reducing pollution to the atmosphere. The structure of the particle trap Why install a particle trap? The four harmful substances contained in the exhaust of the car are: nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, non-methylalkane and fine particulate matter. The first three gases can reduce pollutant emissions through a three-way catalytic device, while fine particulate matter needs to be solved by particle traps. In 19 years, in order to cope with the new national six standards for 20 years, car companies switched a large number of particle traps from diesel vehicles to gasoline vehicles, in order to enable their vehicles to meet the national six emission standards. Now, in July 2023, the implementation of more stringent national six B, in the current situation of high research and development costs and the trend of new energy, manufacturers are inevitably unwilling to invest a lot of money in internal combustion engines, so relatively cheap particle traps have become their choice. Types of particle traps What impact does particle traps have on us? For us, wearing a mask usually makes us feel bad about breathing, and the same is true for vehicles: adding such a large filter to the exhaust pipe will lead to extremely low exhaust gas circulation efficiency, so the exhaust gas generated by the vehicle engine during operation cannot be discharged smoothly. It generates a lot of exhaust back pressure on the engine of the vehicle, so that the power of the vehicle in the country 6b decreases. When the exhaust of the car is equipped with a particle trap to affect the power, the pressure of the engine will also increase; therefore, there will be a certain increase in fuel consumption. In addition, the replacement cost of the particle trap in the later stage is also a considerable expense, although the particle trap can now convert particles into gas by regeneration. But the failure rate is still very high, and there will always be a replacement day. If the three-year free warranty period has passed, the owner of the National 6B will be prepared to spend thousands of dollars to replace the particle trap. How to buy a car at this stage? First of all, there are many models that comply with the National 6A and do not have a particle trap. You can see if your favorite model has a particle trap. Secondly, when purchasing a vehicle, you can choose an energy vehicle or a hybrid model. This part of the model either does not require a particle trap or emits less particulate matter. Finally, if there is no escape, choose a particle trap closer to the engine, which can also reduce the blockage of the particle trap. What should we do if we have already bought a car with a particle trap? 1. Use low-ash oil. During the regeneration process of the particle trap, a lot of ash cannot be burned. After the ash generated by the combustion of the oil enters the particle trap, it is difficult to burn and regenerate. Using high-ash oil for a long time will accelerate the blockage of the particle trap. At this time, the particle trap must be removed and cleaned to increase maintenance costs. Turn on the high speed 2. Add high-quality fuel. The content of sulfur, phosphorus and impurities in the high-quality fuel is less to prevent the particle trap from clogging. 3. Learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. It is very important to learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. Increase the speed of the vehicle to more than 80km/h, release the throttle and let the vehicle slide for a while. At this time, the engine does not inject fuel, and oxygen does not participate in combustion. It directly enters the particle trap, increases the oxygen supply of the particle trap, increases the temperature of the particle trap, and burns off the tiny solid emissions of the particle trap. After several repetitions, the particle trap is successfully regenerated.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What is a particle trap?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The particulate trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine that captures and converts tiny particulate matter for the purpose of purifying the air.", "reason": "Ask for an answer that solves all the requirements of the problem, and with at least one additional piece of information, rather than simply answering the question in one sentence.\nIn the reference information, we explain in detail what a particle trap is and explain its advantages and disadvantages.\nThe answer briefly describes the definition, function and benefits of a particle trap. The answer is correct and provides two additional information on the function and benefits.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: At present, there are more and more new energy models on the market. Among them, new energy models include phev, hev, and pure electricity. What is the difference between them? How to choose when we buy new energy models? Then, the editor will take you to popular science~ PHEV is a new type of hybrid electric vehicle. It also has an internal combustion engine and a generator. The main power source is the internal combustion engine, which is powered by the motor-assisted drive mode. Moreover, the battery capacity of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles is larger than that of oil mixing and can be charged externally, so it can be driven in pure electric mode. HEV is a hybrid model of gasoline and electricity. It is to install an electric drive system under the condition that the original traditional automobile engine drive system remains unchanged, and carry out hybrid drive, which reduces the demand for fossil fuels and improves fuel economy, so as to achieve the effect of energy saving, emission reduction and mitigating the greenhouse effect. EV is the abbreviation of Electric Vehicle, which stands for pure electric vehicle. It has no fuel engine and drives the vehicle through the drive battery and electric motor. Phev can hang the green plate, while hev can only hang the license plate of the fuel vehicle. At present, the hybrid model that can get the green plate in our country's automobile market is a plug-in hybrid vehicle, that is, PHEV. In general, the difference between HEV and PHEV is generally in the form of charging. The HEV converts part of the kinetic energy into electricity through the generator after the engine works, and then charges the power battery. The PHEV can not only rely on the engine to work and charge, but also can charge the power battery with an external power supply. Recently, Lynk & Co launched the 2022 Lynk & Co 01-EMF hybrid version. As the world's first SUV model equipped with Lynk E-Motive intelligent electric hybrid technology. The power of the new car comes from the Raytheon intelligent hybrid technology platform, and its strength should not be underestimated. Lynk & Co Intelligent Electric Hybrid provides 3 hot topic effect, high-performance hybrid engines, 2 high-power rear drive motors, and 2 high-efficiency hybrid transmissions. There are also a variety of high-performance power batteries of different specifications and EM-F (HEV) and EM-P (PHEV) power forms. At the same time, EM-P can realize two-wheel drive/four-wheel drive. Standard/long battery life/super long battery life and other different product types. In terms of fuel consumption, Lynk & Co's intelligent electric hybrid system further creates a lower fuel consumption record. EM-F models equipped with Lynk & Co's intelligent electric hybrid technology have a fuel consumption of as low as 4.5 liters per 100 kilometers of WLTC, and a fuel saving rate of as high as 40% EM-P models have a fuel consumption of as low as 5.1L. Behind the continuous improvement of thermal efficiency and fuel economy, Lynk & Co's intelligent electric hybrid is also uncompromising in performance. In models equipped with three-speed hybrid electric drive DHT Pro, it can eject and start, and it can start 0.5 seconds faster. At the same time, when accelerating overtaking in the high-speed scene of 80-120km per hour, the system will actively downshift and overtake cleanly. Lynk & Co 01 EM-F starts from the youngest 700,000 user request in the automotive circle and opens up its own new dimension for more young users. Whether it is daily work or occasional light off-road can be properly satisfied.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: the difference between hev and phev\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The difference between a HEV and a PHEV is mainly in the form of charging. A HEV converts part of the kinetic energy into electricity through the generator after the engine works, and then charges the power battery, while a PHEV can not only rely on the engine to work and charge, but also charge the power battery from an external power supply. At the same time, a PHEV can hang a green plate, while a HEV can only hang the license plate of a fuel-powered car.", "reason": "Ask for an answer that solves all the requirements of the problem, and with at least one additional piece of information, rather than simply answering the question in one sentence.\nIn the reference information, the definitions of hev and phev are introduced in detail, and the main difference between the two is the different charging forms.\nThe answer is that the difference between HEV and PHEV is mainly in the form of charging, and the detailed description of the charging working principle is different, and the two listing is also different at the end. The detailed description of the charging working principle and the different listing are provided.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What are the model specifications of Nissan Qashqai tires?\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) What are the tire model specifications?\nBest Answer\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies) There are two tire models: 215/55R18 and 225/45R19. The first number 215 represents the tire width is 215MM, 55 means the flat ratio of the tire section is 55%, that is, the section height is 55% of the width, the letter R represents the radial tire, and 15 represents the rim diameter is 15 inches. The maximum speed of Nissan Qashqai is 186km/h, and the fuel consumption of 100 kilometers is 6.2L. In addition to the model, the following commonly used data are also marked on the tire: Carcass Cord Material: expressed in Chinese (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies), such as M-cotton cord, R-rayon cord, N-nylon cord, G-steel cord, ZG-steel radial cord tire. Speed class: Indicates the maximum speed at which the tire can carry the specified load under specified conditions. Letters A to Z represent the certified speed class of the tire from 4.8km/h to 300km/h. Commonly used speed classes are: Q: 160km/h; H: 210km/h; V: 240km/h; W: 270km/h; Y: 300km/h; Rim specification: Indicates the rim specification that matches the tire. Easy to use in practice, such as standard rim 5.00F.\nQashqai uses Bridgestone Tairan series tires, with a specification of 215/55 R18. There are almost no differences in the appearance of the three test cars this time. The same front and rear light sets and the same 18-inch wheels all look good. In addition, the active safety configuration is relatively in place, the body stability system, various active control systems, and dual-mode steering power system are not left behind.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: How many inches is the Qashqai wheel?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Qashqai wheels are available in 18-inch and 19-inch models.", "reason": "Ask for an answer that solves all the requirements of the problem, and with at least one additional piece of information, rather than simply answering the question in one sentence.\nIn the reference information, it is explained that there are two models of Nissan Qashqai tires, 215/55R18 and 225/45R19, and the specific meaning of the numbers is introduced, from which it can be deduced that there are two types of Qashqai tires, 18 and 19 inches.\nThe answer said that there are two types of Qashqai tires, 18 inches and 19 inches. The question was answered correctly, but it was only a simple answer without including at least one additional information. For example, you can add specific parameters and specifications in front: \"There are two types of Nissan Qashqai tires: 215/55R18, 225/45R19\", and then answer that there are two types of tires, 18 and 19 inches.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"incomplete answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What kind of imported motorcycle is suitable for a person with a height of 165cm? This is a question left by a rider in the background, and his description is as the title. There has always been a saying in the community that \"height is not enough, technology comes together\", so it seems that riding a motorcycle and physical condition are not too necessarily related, but technology, like height, will not be easily changed by our will. It requires some prerequisites to a large extent, so for most riders, height will still affect the normal riding state. I am a rider sharing Thank you for your attention and forwarding! The height of 165cm is more common for people, although now our height is getting higher and higher, but for adults, it has no chance with us, so this problem is not aimed at a certain person, but will have a group. So the question is, what kind of imported motorcycle is suitable for 165cm motorcycle riders? First of all, imported motorcycles can be roughly divided into European and Japanese, among which the European models will be relatively large, and the seat height will also be high, because this is completely developed for people's physical conditions, so some European imported models that can be contacted in China are not friendly to 165cm motorcycle riders, unless it is some low-seat high-end models. The Japanese models will be relatively compact in body structure, and the seat height will be lower. For example, the early CG125 is a typical representative, because their per capita height in the 1980s and 1990s is said to be about 155cm. Of course, now they have also grown taller, and the latest data shows that it has reached about 170cm. It can be seen that Japanese models are relatively more friendly regardless of the type of model. However, the development of motorcycles has been derived from many models, which are not static. Therefore, when choosing a model according to height, it depends on the actual performance of the specific model. Combined with the height of the subject 165cm, imported motorcycles that are more suitable for riding mainly include pedals and princelings. One of the princelings will be relatively easier to land on both feet, because the seat height of such models will generally be relatively low, basically 710mm or less. With such a seat height setting, it is completely feasible for 165cm riders to achieve stress-free driving. While the seat height of some pedal models cannot be as low as that of princelings, it will also be more friendly, and their operating characteristics will also be easier to achieve one foot tilt and start safely, so when choosing, we can focus on these two types of imported models. For example, the following models are a brief recommendation. 1. Yamaha NMAX155 is currently priced at 25,800. This is currently the cheapest Japanese imported motorcycle. It has a seat height of 765mm, has a sports cruising appearance, is equipped with a high-performance water-cooled engine, and has relatively rich basic configuration. It is a relatively good commuter transportation model. 2. Honda CM500 is currently priced at 71800. This car has a family design, the seat height is maintained at 690mm, and it is equipped with a 500cc inline twin-cylinder engine. It is a cruising prince car that can be transported and can travel. If you feel that its power is not enough, then the CM1100 can also be considered. Their appearance has not changed much, but the seat height will be slightly improved but still friendly. 3. Harley tough guy, the current price is 118,400. This is an American cruise prince car. Its body is relatively large, and although it is a prince motorcycle, the seat height is also maintained at 760mm. Therefore, there will still be a little pressure on the subject, but as long as I am used to riding, I can feel happy riding, so I can find an opportunity to try it. In addition to the above three models, there will be many imported models that can also be suitable for the subject's riding, but they will be relatively representative, so you can choose according to this direction. The content of this article will be released on the whole network. Please respect the fruits of other people's labor. If you find malicious reprints, you will definitely protect your rights to the end.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: suitable for motorcycles with a height of 165\nPlease answer:", "answer": "According to the reference information, motorcycles suitable for a height of 165cm include pedal and prince models. Yamaha NMAX155, Honda CM500, Harley Tough Guy, etc. are recommended.", "reason": "Ask for an answer that solves all the requirements of the problem, and with at least one additional piece of information, rather than simply answering the question in one sentence.\nIn the reference information, especially pedal and prince models are recommended, and several models such as the Yamaha NMAX155 are recommended, and specific reasons for the recommendation are given respectively.\nThe answer recommends several models such as Yamaha NMAX155, and the answer is correct, but the incremental information is missing. You can add the specific performance of the pedal and prince sub-models, and you can also add the recommended reasons. As long as at least one incremental information is included.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"incomplete answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: I originally booked the Seagull mid-range, but the sales said that the mid-range and low-range would have to wait for almost 2 months. A few days later, I happened to come back with a low-range car. I didn't want to wait and replaced it with a low-range car, so I picked up the car in 7 days, which is very fast. Full 73800, insurance 3500, license 1000. The difference between low-end and medium-end is mainly the car wheel hub, steering wheel, headlights, wireless charging, and one-click lifting and anti-pinch function of the window, so the first time after picking up the car was upgraded: 1. Replace the low-end ugly hub cover with bright silver and black hub cover (150 yuan) The original car hub cover is replaced with a new bright silver and dazzling 2. Replace the low-end halogen headlights with 80-watt LED headlights (168 yuan + 80 yuan installation fee), and replace the front bar. The 80-watt headlights of the original car halogen headlights LED headlights are really bright at night, brighter than the medium and high-end original lights, and the low beam and high beam are good. 3. Replace the plastic steering wheel with a leather hand-sewn steering wheel (108 yuan + 100 yuan handicraft fee) Low-equipped steering wheel, rough to the touch, full of plastic. Get a leather hand-sewn steering wheel cover, which is more comfortable than the original leather. 4. Finally, stick a suspended roof (600 yuan) on the car. Film the front film, film the front film, film the back film, and then film the rear film. Put a rear trunk pad after the film, which is convenient for care. The rear trunk is smaller, and the same level of Wuling Colorful Fruit tailbox is much larger. Seagull trunk Seagull low car upgrade, feel the car on more than a grade, do not understand at a glance thought I was a high car, hahaha... let's talk about other feelings, although it is within 100,000 of the scooter, BYD's car technology is still good, mobile phone real-time monitoring of various data, such as open air conditioning, lock off, keyless car, real-time positioning, etc., with the oil car at home than the freshness of full.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: How often do BYD seagulls pick up the car?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "BYD Seagull takes about two months to pick up the car.", "reason": "Ask for an answer that solves all the requirements of the problem, and with at least one additional piece of information, rather than simply answering the question in one sentence.\nIn the reference information, it takes almost 2 months for the seagull to be equipped with a low-end car, but it happened to come back a few days later, so it took 7 days to pick up the car.\nThe answer said that the BYD Seagull takes about 2 months to pick up the car. The answer is correct, but it simply answers the question without additional information, such as adding: \"BYD Seagull pickup time depends on configuration and availability\".\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"incomplete answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
