{"instruction": "Reference information: Tank has changed from a luxury off-road vehicle under the WEY brand to an independent brand. After its first production car, Tank 300, became a hit that was in short supply and stopped receiving orders, the brand has released a number of models in a row. In addition to releasing the official preview picture, a number of products have been unveiled at the offline auto show. Although the specific product positioning and naming are different from the original brand plan, the intensive new product launch still gives people a feeling of full fire. Now, in the 349 batch of \"Road Motor Vehicle Manufacturers and Product Announcements\" just released by MIIT, we see the Tank 500 again. We first saw the Tank 500 at this year's Chengdu International Auto Show, and it appeared together with the Tank 400 on the H301 booth in Hall 3. Unlike the identity of the large mecha off-road SUV in the Tank 400, the Tank 500 focuses on the luxury off-road SUV route. From the appearance design, we can see that although the Tank 500 is luxurious, it actually provides two sets of design languages, luxury and sports. The differences between them will be mainly reflected in the details including the air intake grille and the middle net. The sporty model does not mean to emphasize straight-line high performance, but to emphasize the satisfaction of off-road performance. Its intake grille is covered with a very thick chrome-plated metal, and it provides independent strip pores in the upper and lower halves to optimize intake efficiency, but this is actually more similar in visual style to some pickup trucks or off-road vehicles in North America; the same is true for the luxury grille, which only uses thinner and denser banners on the horizontal mesh style. In addition, the luxury model will also use a special two-tone body spray to enhance its visual personality. On the side body design, it can be seen that the tank 500 is visually wider, and the entire cockpit is relatively straight and upright. The body size of the vehicle reaching 5070/1934/1905mm is close to that of the previous FAW Toyota's domestic Rand Cool Luze (5095/1975/1930mm), and the largest size difference is only 41mm; even its 2850mm wheelbase is exactly the same as the latter. If it weren't for the fact that Great Wall and Toyota have no strategic cooperation, we all suspect that they were built on the same platform. For the seat part, the tank 500 will provide two layouts of double-row 5 seats or three-row 7 seats (2 + 3 + 2) for the market. In other parameters of off-road driving ability, the approach angle and departure angle of the tank 500 have reached 30 ° and 24 ° respectively, although this is slightly worse than the new generation of Landcooluzer (32 °/24.5 °), but it is enough to bring more extreme wild driving survivability to the vehicle. In addition, the tank 500 will also have a more special identity, that is, it can be used as a trailer. According to the declaration information, the tank 500 has the trailer qualification and can achieve a towing capacity of 0.75-2 tons (without brake/with brake). In terms of interior design, the first impression of the Tank 500 is that it is more solemn. At the same time, the center console with chrome, paint panels and wood grain trim is stepped in structure, and with the 14.6-inch floating touch screen, it can be said to be full of ritual. The quartz clock, which used to be common in top commercial vehicles, is placed under the center console together with the central air conditioner trend. The metal buttons are very textured in design; while the shift mechanism with metal and wood panels is a more regular and symmetrical style. With the delicate crystal electronic gear, the cockpit of the Tank 500 has already indicated its luxurious positioning. What can be felt from the cabin is that the large amount of leather and wood panels of the Tank 500 are visually particularly full, the key is that these decorative styles will give people the illusion of a luxury SUV of the United States, which is consistent with the orientation brought by the large amount of chrome plating on its appearance. As for whether the tank borrows the United States in the product design, it can only be said that the benevolent sees the benevolent and the wise see the wisdom. On the powertrain, the Tank 500 has finally received the E30Z model 3.0T V6 turbocharged engine independently developed by Great Wall Motors. It uses dual injection system and high tumble ratio combustion technology to form a 48V light hybrid system with mild motors. The power parameters will reach 265kW/500N · m and the thermal efficiency will be 38.5%. On the transmission, the 3.0T will be matched with the only domestic longitudinal 9AT gearbox, and the hydraulic torque converter will ensure its smoothness in intense operation, with a fuel consumption of 10.69L/100km under comprehensive operating conditions. In addition, the third-generation intelligent four-wheel drive system provided by BorgWarner will provide the vehicle with up to 11 types of off-road driving mode options. With the mechanical differential lock function, we also have more fantasies about the off-road performance of the Tank 500. In fact, the Tank 500 is indeed the second model under the tank brand. It is the name of the previous Tank 600 model, and it has already appeared in some domestic dealer exhibition halls. As for whether this car can be \"broken\" as soon as it is launched like the Tank 300, the answer may not be revealed until the Guangzhou Auto Show announces the key price.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: Does the tank 500 leave the factory with a trailer qualification?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Okay, here's a concise answer based on your question:\nYes, the Tank 500 is factory qualified for towing and can achieve a towing capacity of 0.75-2 tons (without/with brakes).", "reason": "There is no reply in the request answer similar to the robot receiving instructions and no self-questioning and self-answering.\nThe answer that begins with \"Okay, here is a concise answer generated from your question:\" is a reply received with similar instructions, indicating the identity of the respondent's robot and should be deleted.\nSo the above answer is \"mechanical\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: [After having a car, shopping guide] Family travel has always been very popular, but in recent years, major brands have begun to pay attention to and launch targeted models, which has warmed up the market again. And these models often have flexible seat layouts, excellent intelligent entertainment and expansion capabilities including external discharge. The recently launched Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is like this, and the popularity is also very high. Some netizens asked it who is better than the old BYD Tang DM-p in this market? Let's take a look today! Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is currently the flagship SUV of Wei brand. There are two configurations in total, namely the two-wheel drive long-life version and the four-wheel drive long-life version. The price is 273,800 yuan and 308,800 yuan respectively. It may be thought from the configuration name that the two configurations are only two-wheel drive and four-wheel drive. However, in fact, the four-wheel drive version also has a lot of intelligent driver assistance configurations, as well as electric side pedals, leather seats, and rear small table boards. It is more recommended for everyone to buy. BYD Tang is regarded as the earliest batch of 7-seat SUVs in China. It was first known to everyone because of the 0-100km/h acceleration of 4.9s. Later, it was found that its ability to discharge electricity can unlock a lot of outdoor capabilities. The acceleration ability of the current Tang DM-p has been improved to 4.3s, and the pure electric battery life has also been greatly improved, with a higher configuration, and the price range is 29.18-33 1,800 yuan. The configuration corresponding to the Blue Mountain four-wheel drive long-life version is the Tang DM-p 215km four-wheel drive exclusive type, priced at 311,800 yuan. The Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is more technological, and the Tang DM-p is more sporty. The appearance of the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV adopts the current popular minimalist technology style, which is a bit similar to the new forces now. There are not many lines to decorate the front face, and the split headlights look sharp. On the side of the body, the simple profile is given a sense of power by several three-dimensional lines. Combined with the larger body size, the overall appearance is relatively atmospheric. The tail design echoes the front face, and the tail lights on both sides are very recognizable, and a through-type design is also adopted. In terms of body size, the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is positioned as a medium and large SUV, with a length, width and height of 5156 * 1980 * 1805mm and a wheelbase of 3050mm. Compared with today's comparison model, the Tang DM-p still has a significant advantage. The appearance of the Tang DM-p is still a classic look of the BYD Dynasty, and has not been replaced by the semi-enclosed front face style of the latest Dynasty series. The large-sized middle net and exaggerated lower surround look very visual impact. The side of the body adopts a suspended roof, with large-sized wheels, which looks very sporty. The tail adopts a through-type taillight group, and the overall design is relatively simple. From a visual point of view, it does not look like a performance monster. In terms of body size, the length, width and height of the Tang DM-p are 4870 * 1950 * 1725mm, and the wheelbase is 2820mm, a standard medium-sized SUV size. The Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is updated, the Tang DM-p is more atmospheric interior part, and the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is also biased towards new forces. The minimalist design style is matched with the connected screen design that runs through the center console, which looks very technological. However, it also introduces some chrome and wood grain decoration to improve the grade, which is a bit of a collision between new forces and tradition. The central control screen and the passenger screen are a whole screen, with a size of 27 inches, and the clarity and system fluency are not to be picked. The built-in new generation Coffee OS 2 smart cockpit system has a good experience. And for the convenience of everyone to operate, the commonly used physical buttons of the air conditioner are still retained, which should be the result of user co-creation. The interior of the Tang DM-p is believed to be familiar to everyone. The simple center console creates an excellent luxury texture through a large area of painted panels and leather wraps. Although this design has passed for many years, it still looks dated now. The 15.6-inch rotating central control screen is not new, but the built-in DiLink 5G car intelligence system experience is still very good, a bit like an Android tablet, after years of software adaptation, it has become very mature. The configuration has its own advantages and disadvantages. For the two cars positioned for home use, the ride comfort is also a point of concern for everyone. But in terms of space, the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is definitely better. After all, the size is larger, and the most important thing is reflected in the third row. But to say how good the comfort of the third row of the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is, in fact, it is average. The height of the seat cushion is not enough, the leg space is not enough, and the comfort of adults for a long time will not be much better, but it is better than the Tang DM-p. Secondly, the second row of the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is two independent seats, and supports seat ventilation, heating and massage functions, which is not available in the regular state of the Tang DM-p 215km four-wheel drive exclusive type, but the official solution is a 10,000 optional package, which basically includes the comfort configuration of these second rows. In the power part, the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV four-wheel drive long-life version is equipped with a DHT-PHEV system composed of a 1.5T engine and a P4 motor. The maximum comprehensive power of the system reaches 380 kW, the acceleration time of 0-100km/h is 4.9 seconds, and the pure electric cruising range of 180km under WLTC conditions is 6.7L/100km. The Tang DM-p is equipped with Xiaoyun 1.5T engine and EHS electric hybrid system, with a maximum power of 452 kW and a 0-100km/h acceleration of 4.3 seconds. It uses a hybrid-specific lithium iron phosphate \"blade battery\", with a pure electric battery life of 215km and a fuel consumption of 6.5L/100km. The editor commented that the two models are indeed relatively similar in price and performance, but the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV will be larger in size and have more trendy internal functions. If you want a new power experience and a traditional brand, it will be a better choice. But if you consider stronger performance and more stable value retention, then the Tang DM-p will be a better choice for comprehensive performance.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: How do Don DMP and Blue Mountain choose?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "OK, thank you for your instruction! Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV and BYD Tang DM-p are both models that have attracted much attention in the market, and each has its own advantages. The appearance of Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV adopts a minimalist technology style. The interior design is novel, full of technology, and the configuration is richer, including external discharge and other expansion capabilities. The BYD Tang DM-p has a classic appearance, luxurious interior, and mature configuration. In terms of space, the third row of Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is more spacious, but the comfort is average. In terms of power, the 0-100km/h acceleration time of Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is 4.9 seconds, and the Tang DM-p is 4.3 seconds. The price and performance of the two models are similar. Which one to choose depends more on personal preferences and needs.", "reason": "There is no reply in the request answer similar to the robot receiving instructions and no self-questioning and self-answering.\n\"Okay, thanks for the command!\" at the beginning of the answer is a reply received by a similar command, indicating the identity of the respondent's robot and should be deleted.\nSo the above answer is \"mechanical\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: In the past, when it came to sports cars, the Focus was definitely a car that could not be bypassed, and the old American model in my impression has always been the main competitor of golf. Although Ford still sells very well in the mainland on the other side of the ocean, like pickup trucks and even the Great Wall of the domestic SUV class, it is really terrible in the Chinese market. Now the Focus is close to being marginalized, and even the news that Geely wants to buy Ford is really painful for many old car fans! However, the Focus is still relatively popular in the second-hand market due to its good reputation. Car dealer friends there received a 06 years of Fox, although it has been close to 13 years of age, but the driving distance is only 90,000 kilometers, in the group quoted 1.5W people rushed to, had to increase the price to 2W, let's take a look, what is the charm of this Fox, can there be so many fans? First of all, let's take a look at the appearance of the standard of 20,000 dollars to see this car, the appearance is still satisfactory. Although the overall can be seen is an old car, but this generation of Fox design is still relatively full, C pillar part although a bit awkward, but who let the sedan in our country more popular? Like the two sets of lines under the door, although stiff, it still looks very powerful, and it looks much more comfortable than the chrome one; although the wheel size of this car is relatively small, the shape is much stronger than the Nissan sunshine. Let's take a look at the interior of this car. In fact, the design of this generation of Fox is also reflected in the classic Fox, especially the oval air conditioner trend, which should be regarded as an iconic thing of Fox. The outer ring is decorated with chrome, which looks quite textured. As for the multimedia control area below, it is a bit outdated. Nowadays, ordinary car owners no longer use CDs, and the dense buttons do not conform to today's minimalist style. Of course, there are not many scenarios where these functions are actually used. Most car owners drive away directly after getting on the bus, and most of them listen to the radio for entertainment. Let's take a look at the details of this car to buy a used car, especially a used car with a longer age. The difference in interior maintenance is still very large. Some cars that are used intensively and the owner does not like to take care of maintenance are often worn out in a few years. But this Focus is obviously favored by the previous owner. There is no obvious wear and tear on all parts, especially those plastic parts. There are no signs of aging. This can also be seen from the mileage of the vehicle. After only driving 90,000 kilometers in 12 years, the intensity of this car is still relatively low. Finally, let's take a look at the power Focus positioning of this car, which is an A-class sedan between sports and household. This model is equipped with a 1.8L naturally aspirated engine + 5MT transmission. Manual transmission models are almost scarce now, but their advantages are still very obvious. The power is completely in their own hands, the overtaking acceleration is crisp, and because of the mature technology, it is more reliable than all automatic transmissions. So, let's get back to the topic, why is there still so many people grabbing this Focus offer of 1.5W? Brother Cheng summed up three reasons: 1. The vehicle itself is relatively classic, and the power control is not bad. 2. The vehicle is well maintained inside and outside, and it can be driven directly when you buy it back. 3. The price is affordable, and it is convenient to change hands. Of course, if you are also considering older used cars, you must also pay attention to the issue of emission standards to avoid problems during transfer.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What year is the best used Fox?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "In the past, when it came to sports cars, the Focus was definitely a car that couldn't be bypassed, and in my impression, this old and beautiful model has always been the main competitor of golf.", "reason": "There is no reply in the request answer similar to the robot receiving instructions and no self-questioning and self-answering.\nThe answer is completely irrelevant to the question, the answer is wrong, but there is no reply similar to the robot receiving instructions and no self-questioning and self-answering. So there is no mechanical sense.\nSo there's no mechanistic question in that.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: The picture comes from the Internet. A car is composed of thousands of accessories. During the driving process, all parts of the car must work, and close cooperation should be carried out between each component to ensure the normal operation of the car. There are many common auto parts, such as glass water, wiper blades, water plugs, brake pads, etc. For the repair and maintenance of the car, it is very necessary to know the function of the auto parts. Today, Xiaoda will explain to you the knowledge of auto parts. It is worth every car owner to be familiar with it and ensure driving safety. Let's learn together. First, the introduction picture of the commonly used auto parts comes from the Internet. 1. The function of the car air filter is to filter the dust suspended in the air when the engine is working to ensure clean intake. The air filter element on the car is mostly paper material. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is about 20,000 kilometers. The specific replacement time is mainly based on the use environment and usage. 2. The function of the air conditioner filter element and the air filter is a truth. When the air conditioner is turned on, the dust or pollen that enters the air in the air conditioning system is filtered to ensure that the evaporation tank and the air inside the car are clean. 3. The function of the gasoline filter This accessory is to filter out impurities in the fuel and make the post-combustion mixture entering the cylinder cleaner. On the one hand, it can protect the engine and on the other hand make the emissions more environmentally friendly. Most engines are equipped with disposable non-removable paper filter element gasoline filters. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is 10,000 kilometers. 4. Engine oil is also called engine lubricating oil. If the engine is the heart of the car, then the oil is the blood of the car. Its main function is to flow in the various positions of the engine that need to be lubricated when the engine is running, reducing the wear and tear between the various components of the engine, so as to prolong the service life of the engine. 5. The function of the spark plug for the spark plug is simply to ignite the combustible mixture. The spark plug can introduce the high-voltage current in the battery into the cylinder, generating an electric spark to ignite the mixed gas in the cylinder, so that the cylinder starts to work and start the engine. The spark plug of the car is an accessory that needs to be replaced regularly. Every time the ignition is started, it will cause a certain loss to the spark plug. Bad car habits will also lead to more carbon deposits, which will affect the life of the spark plug. The picture comes from the Internet 6. The main function of glass water glass water is to clean windshield glass and headlights. Glass water is divided into two types: winter and summer glass water. In winter, glass water with a lower freezing point is used according to the local temperature. In summer, glass water is mostly used for cleaning and degumming. 7. The function of wiper blades wiper blades is to refresh the surface of windshield glass in rainy days to ensure a clear field of vision. The wiper blades need to be replaced when wiping is not clean. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is about 1 year. 8. Brake pads, also known as brake pads, are executive parts in the braking system. The quality of the brake pads directly affects the performance of the brakes. When the brake pedal is pressed, the brake pads will be squeezed on the brake disc or brake drum and rubbed to prevent the wheels from rotating. Different driving habits can make a huge difference in the wear of the brake pads. The specific replacement time needs to be judged by yourself. 9. Transmission oil. Transmission oil is also called transmission oil. Its main function is to form a layer of oil film to cushion the strong impact when shifting gears. On the one hand, it can make the gearbox work more smoothly. On the other hand, it can keep the gearbox clean and prolong its service life. The picture comes from the Internet 10. Antifreeze Antifreeze is also called coolant. Its main function is to prevent freezing and dissipate heat to the engine. Of course, antifreeze is not equal to water. The substances incorporated in it can play the role of anti-corrosion and anti-scale. 11. Clutch plate The function of the clutch plate is to transmit power to the transmission. Under normal circumstances, the clutch plate does not need to be replaced, but if you smell burnt smell, shake and gear difficulty in the car, you need to diagnose and troubleshoot whether there is a problem with the clutch. If so, you need to replace it. 2. Introduction to essential tools for car driving 1. Star Auto Repair 121-piece tool set encountered some minor faults or problems that can be solved by yourself. You can use the Shanghai Star Auto Repair 121-piece combination set, which contains different sizes of sleeves, movable wrenches, screw batches and adapters and other on-board tools, which can provide great help in disassembling and assembling car parts and emergency situations. In addition, it can help us save a lot of time and economic costs, and is also convenient for later car maintenance and maintenance. ( Shida Auto Repair 121-Piece Tool Set, Model 09014A) 2. Safety Hammer When there is a failure of vehicle control lock control, you should use the car safety hammer to break the window glass to escape as soon as possible. It can play a very important role in self-rescue. In addition, in some special occasions, you can turn on the built-in alarm and rescue function of the car safety hammer. The purpose of long-distance distress can be achieved at night through a high-decibel strong flash alarm. 3. Triangle Warning Signs When a vehicle malfunctions or accidents occur, warning signs such as triangle warning signs should be placed in time to remind passing vehicles, which can effectively ensure everyone's driving safety. Shida Tips: Before driving, it is recommended to diagnose whether the car is faulty and carry driving tools to ensure the safety of your family and yourself. The above is the entire content of this chapter. If some content is helpful to you, you can forward it to your family and friends. If you have different opinions or questions about individual content, please leave a feedback in the comment area. See you tomorrow.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: Knowledge of auto parts\nPlease answer:", "answer": "1. Which part of the car is used to filter out impurities in the fuel?\n2. Which part of the car is used to transfer power to the transmission?\n3. Which part of the car parts is used to clean the windshield and headlights?\n\nAnswer:\n\n1. Gasoline filter.\n2. Clutch plate.\n3. Glass water.", "reason": "There is no reply in the request answer similar to the robot receiving instructions and no self-questioning and self-answering.\nThe answer is in the way of self-questioning and self-answering, which is very mechanical. The question should be removed and the answer should be directly stated instead. Such as:\nThe function of the gasoline filter is to filter out impurities in the fuel; the function of the clutch plate is to transfer power to the transmission; the function of the glass water is to clean the windshield and headlights.\nSo the above answer is \"mechanical\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: Today, Feifei will explain to you, 200,000 to the 5 most worth buying models in 300,000. As a car dealer, I have also sold the most models, and several models that have been well received by customers are quite cost-effective. · The first one is the 18-year-old Cadillac XT5, be sure to buy the four-wheel drive deluxe version with more than one configuration. This car is rare to use the ZF 8AT gearbox, which is quite stable in quality and has a very low failure rate. · The second one is the 18-year BMW 5 Series, which has been replaced with the B48 engine with an unparalleled sense of heaviness and overweight. The top ZF 8AT gearbox has a very low failure rate and excellent value retention rate. The first owner's three-year devaluation has passed, and the second-hand car is currently in the peak of cost performance. · The third model is the 19-year-old Volvo S90T five version, the space super mass is quite stable, it has a very mysterious common problem is low-frequency resonance, 70% of people can't feel it, 30% of people can feel it. So buy this car must go to the test drive in person, if you can't feel it, then hurry up and start. · The fourth model is the 18 brand-new Audi Q5L, which is also the most suitable SUV for home use. The same level of fuel consumption is the lowest in the same level with increased space, and there is almost no common problem. · The fifth model is the 19 Audi A6L, the 40 luxury Zhiya model, the best fuel consumption in the same level, the value retention rate is quite stable, the quality is reliable, and the failure rate is low. The first round of car owners has just passed three years of big depreciation, and the second-hand cost performance is at its peak. Follow Feifei to understand the latest price of each car.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: 200,000 left and right used cars\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Sorry, this question cannot be answered due to lack of information.", "reason": "There is no reply in the request answer similar to the robot receiving instructions and no self-questioning and self-answering.\nAnswering \"Sorry, can't answer this question due to lack of information\", it can be seen that the model refuses to answer the question. But there is no reply similar to the robot receiving instructions and not asking and answering itself. So there is no mechanical sense.\nSo there's no mechanistic question in that.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
