{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nAt the time node one month after the listing and before the official delivery, Lantu Chasing Light \"urgently\" launched a 72,000 yuan free optional package, which synchronously simplified the configuration. The models were adjusted from three to two, which was indeed as the official said \"full matching at the beginning\".\nAfter this model adjustment, the two models of Lantu Chasing Light are only the difference between battery packs, and other configurations remain the same; in addition, after adjustment, it is basically equivalent to \"price reduction\". Compared with the price at the time of listing, the price of the entry-level model has not changed, and the price of the top match has been reduced. At the same time, there is a limited-time discount of \"72,000 yuan optional package 0 yuan to start\".\nThis change in rights and interests is a big benefit for users who have booked or are about to book a car, and it also avoids the occurrence of \"backstabbing\" incidents.\nIn addition to being happy, it can't help but make everyone question: Why is there such a big discount when Lantu Chasing Light \"comes to the door\"?\nLu, CEO of Lantu Automobile, mentioned in an exclusive interview with the Shanghai Auto Show media that \"we hope that this year's sales can be doubled by 1-2 times on the basis of last year's (sales), which is our bottom line requirement\". In 2022, Lantu Automobile sold a total of 19,400 new cars throughout the year, which means that the sales target of Lantu in 2023 is 40,000-60,000.\nFrom January to April this year, the cumulative sales of Lantu automobiles were 9021 vehicles, which was less than 25% of the annual sales target of 40,000 vehicles, and there was still 85% of the progress bar to go from the annual sales target of 60,000 vehicles.\nObviously, light chasing is the core product of Landscape's sales target this year, and its success will also be linked to Landscape's fate!\nOn May 14 not long ago, the relevant person in charge of Lantu Automobile confirmed that \"Yu Fei, the general manager of sales, left for personal reasons\", becoming another major personnel change after Liu Zhanshu (formerly the deputy general manager of Lantu Automobile Sales and Service Company). Yu Fei used to serve as the general manager of Ola brand marketing and the general manager of WEY brand car brand. He has just arrived at Lantu Automobile for less than a year. Industry experts speculate that Yu Fei's departure is closely related to the sales volume of Lantu's market.\nAfter the launch, the model configuration was changed. Lantu Chasing Light was not a precedent. It was Xiaopeng G9 before. The difference is that the G9 is too complicated with its own SKU, while Chasing Light is to create a unique choice at this price and impact sales.\nSince its release on December 15, as of its official launch on January 13, Lantu Chasing Light has officially announced that the order has exceeded 10,000 vehicles. However, the specific order volume after Chasing Light's listing has not been continuously announced.\nAfter simplifying the configuration and launching a limited-time free upgrade 72,000 optional package, the cost performance of Landscape Chasing has been greatly improved, and it is more confident in the face of competing NIO ET7.\nBoth medium and large cars can also be exchanged for electricity. Let's take a look at the comparison of the parameters of the two cars.\nLantu Chasing Light is equipped with Lantu ESSA + SOA intelligent electric bionic body, which loads a number of technologies and functions such as \"intelligent electric four-wheel drive\", \"semi-solid battery\", \"user co-creation\", etc. The overall size is relatively small, which is a circle smaller than the NIO ET7.\nFrom the perspective of power parameters, both models are equipped with dual-motor four-wheel drive as standard. The maximum power and torque of the Landscape Chaser are not as good as those of the NIO ET7, but the acceleration time of 100 kilometers is 3.8s, which is the same as that of the NIO ET7. In terms of control, the maximum lateral G value of the Landscape Chaser reaches 1.0G, and the elk test result reaches 83km/h; the maximum lateral G value of the NIO ET7 reaches 1.039G, and the elk test result is the highest at 77km/h.\nIn terms of battery life, Chaser is equipped with a larger capacity battery pack, with a maximum battery life of 730km, and is the same as ET7, which can be purchased by leasing battery packs.\nThe 8155 chip is used in both models, and Lantu Chasing Light realizes four-screen interaction. Compared with the ET7, a 12.3-inch passenger entertainment screen and a small 9-inch central control screen are added, providing a stronger screen selection function.\nIn terms of intelligent driver assistance, compared to light chasing, NIO ET7 has added 1 lidar, 2 millimeter-wave radars, and 5 cameras. In terms of hardware, it can be said to be a monster, and it is also ready to use radar waves combined with visual recognition. However, it is still impossible to leave the high-precision map.\nLantu's light chasing features are remote car moving and memory parking. The car cloud collaborative computing based on Lantu's central SOA electronic and electrical architecture supports straight-line 30m self-selected parking space parking tasks. Even if people are in a distant foreign country, they can precisely control vehicles thousands of miles away through their mobile phones; after 1 learning, they can realize up to 1KM self-tracking parking into parking spaces and summoning parking out.\n\nIn addition to the above-mentioned related configurations, Landmap Chasing Light provides a free 72,000 yuan optional package for a limited time, which can add seat massage, L2.9 intelligent driving assistance package, CDC + empty suspension with magic carpet function and other comfort configurations for free.\nConclusion:\nCompared with ET7, is it worth buying? The author thinks it is worth it. The product is not inferior to NIO ET7. The starting price is nearly 134,100 yuan lower than ET7. It can also be installed for free for a limited time 72,000 yuan optional package, which is more cost-effective. The only drawback is that the infrastructure in the power exchange mode is not as extensive as NIO.", "answer": "Main title: Lantu chasing light urgently launched 72,000 yuan free optional package, which is full at the beginning\nSubtitle: simplifying Fit 7.2, configuration, and more! Landscape's new strategy for chasing light", "reason": "The required answer requires that the vast majority of the text be in Chinese, and only non-Chinese words with some professional nouns are accepted.\nIn the generated subtitle, Chinese is mixed with a lot of English, and it needs to be translated into Chinese.\nSo there is a problem of \"there is a foreign language to translate\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nJaguar performance work: 2-door 2-seat layout, 2.0T squeezed 300 horsepower, 5-second acceleration, F-TYPE\nUncle Hua and Automobile 05-26 Follow\nAs an internationally renowned luxury brand, Jaguar's current sales in China are unsatisfactory, but its own car-making strength is beyond doubt. For example, the engine of the Jaguar F-TYPE 2.0T, which we will introduce to you in this issue, can have a power output of 300 horsepower, and the fastest acceleration is 5.7 seconds. What other outstanding performances are there? Let's look down.\nFirst look at the appearance, the Jaguar F-TYPE positioning is a two-seat, two-door coupe model, the front face follows the family-style design language, the wide net has a built-in leopard head logo, and the flat and sharp headlights on both sides are in a rising posture and the prismatic hood, which is fierce and recognizable.\nThe relatively flat waistline on the side, the hidden door handle, and the design of the frameless door make the body fuller and glossy, while the design of the side skirt recessed and raised makes the visual sense richer and more sporty. The Jaguar F-TYPE is 4470mm long and has a wheelbase of 2622mm. For a two-seat layout, the interior space is relatively good.\nThe tail wing is designed with a slip-back style, which is visually impactful. The middle of the narrow and long tail light group is slightly highlighted downward, and the interior is a dot matrix light cavity, which is brightly lit at night. The rear surround is covered with a black panel, and the layout of the middle exhaust is also adopted. It is trimmed with silver strips, creating a better sporty atmosphere in the overall shape.\nThe cabin in the car is a symmetrical layout, covered with a large amount of soft leather, which enhances the internal texture. The central control area is designed with a curved outer arch, and is equipped with a built-in central control screen and a physical button area, which makes it more convenient to operate blindly. In addition, the three-frame multi-function steering wheel is wrapped in leather, providing a relatively full grip and features such as electric adjustment.\nThe interior is equipped with fatigue driving reminders, practical functions such as lane keeping assistance system, reversing side warning, collision and departure warning, as well as front/rear parking radar, driver assistance imaging, cruise system, engine start-stop technology, and three driving modes.\nJaguar F-TYPE uses 2.0T turbocharged inline 4-cylinder with 8AT powertrain, the maximum engine horsepower is 300 horsepower, the power is 221 kW, the peak torque is 400 Nm, and the official 100-kilometer acceleration time is only 5.7 seconds, which is full of power. In addition, matching the independent suspension combination of front double fork arm type + rear double fork arm type, the control feel will be more solid when accelerating.\nIn the same class, if you consider new energy models, the Qiantu K50 is also a relatively good choice. The car is a pure electric two-seat, two-door hardtop sports car with a maximum motor horsepower of 435 horsepower, 680 Nm of torque, 320 kW of power, zero acceleration in only 4.6 seconds, and a range of 380 kilometers under pure electric conditions.\n\nOverall, Jaguar F-TYPE internal and external design is more in line with the current aesthetic, power performance and configuration are better, and 58.20-69 9,000 price range is also lower than competitors BMW M2, Porsche 718 equivalent performance models, cost performance is still relatively good. In addition, do you know what performance models Jaguar has? Welcome to leave a message to discuss.", "answer": "As an internationally renowned luxury brand, Jaguar's current sales in China are unsatisfactory, but its own car-making strength is beyond doubt. For example, the Jaguar F-TYPE, which I want to introduce to you in this issue, has a 2.0T turbocharged engine and can have a power output of 300hp. The fastest acceleration is 5.7 seconds. What other outstanding performances are there? Let's take a look.", "reason": "The required answer requires that the vast majority of the text be in Chinese, and only non-Chinese words with some professional nouns are accepted.\nExcept for proper terms such as \"Jaguar F-TYPE\", \"2.0T turbocharged engine\", and \"300hp power output\", no other foreign languages appear.\nSo there is no question of \"there is a foreign language translation\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nAt present, the sales rankings of cars in June have been released. According to the latest announced sales, the best-selling car in the entire sedan, SUV and MPV market is Model Y, which has won a dazzling result of 51,471 units at the price of 263,900. What is the concept of this number? This means that the revenue of this car alone has reached tens of billions of yuan, and this is the result of calculating the lowest price in 263,900. Model Y is undoubtedly a real \"explosion king\". This article starts from the product power of Model Y and talks about it.\nAt present, Model Y has 3 models on sale, divided into rear drive and four-wheel drive version, the official guide price is 26.39-36 3,900, including the introduction reward discount, the rear drive version of this car can be controlled at 26-270,000, to Tesla's current market, this price is more attractive.\nIn terms of appearance, the Model Y is like a fattened version of the Model 3. The overall design is still family-style. The round line design is matched with a closed air intake grille, which looks very simple and atmospheric. On both sides, there are sporty diversion grooves, and the raised rib lines on the hood make the whole front of the car more visually low. The rear of the car is still standardized, with symmetrical tail lights and ducktail spoiler design, which has obvious sporty style gains. However, the car's paint is thinner, and scratches may be left if you don't pay attention, which is a point that needs attention.\nOn the side of the car body, it adopts a slip-back design, blackened window trim and privacy glass, which has better privacy. Model Y has a length, width and height of 4750 * 1921 * 1624mm, and a wheelbase of 2890mm. The data performance is fair. At the same time, because of the slip-back design, the height of the rear row is not cushioned enough, and it is easy for taller passengers to head. However, the rear seats of the car can be laid flat, and there is a mattress that can turn the rear row into a bed in seconds, which has a high utilization rate in terms of space flexibility.\nEntering the car, the center console has only a standard 15-inch touch display screen for all series, and it also integrates the dashboard function. On the left is the Tesla-style steering wheel. The center console is decorated with soft materials and wood grain trim, and the overall style is minimalist. This minimalist style is excellent for space flexibility, but too minimalist is not an advantage. For example, the sunroof of the car does not even have a sunshade, which has an impact on travel comfort. In addition, there are no extra physical buttons in the car, which is inconvenient to operate during driving, but this is also controversial. Some people can operate various functions naturally after getting used to it, but it takes a relatively long time to adapt and learn.\nThe whole system comes standard with common car configurations such as automatic speech recognition control, vehicle to everything, and mobile APP remote control. And the car comes standard with L2-level auxiliary driving, and can be equipped with high-end smart driving functions through price increases, but I personally think it is unnecessary. After all, most cities in China only have L2-level smart driving functions. In fact, there are redundancies. Other basic configurations, Model Y is basically not absent, such as reversing images, heat pump air conditioning, mobile phone wireless charging, and also has highlights such as second-row seat heating, steering wheel heating, and main driver memory, which perform well.\nComing to the core part of the electric car, the car has three different cruising ranges, corresponding to three configuration styles. Under CLTC conditions, its pure electric range is 545km, 660km, and 615km respectively. The former is a combination of single motor + 60kWh battery, with a maximum power of 194kW (264Ps); the middle and the latter are a combination of front and rear dual motors + 78.4kWh battery. Although the power combination is the same, the specific power is different. Specifically, the long-drive battery life version has a cruising range of 660km, a maximum power of 331kW (450Ps), and a maximum torque of 559N · m, focusing on battery life; the high-performance version has a maximum of 357kW (486Ps), a maximum torque of 659N · m, and can complete a 0-100km/h sprint in 3.5s, focusing on performance.\nIn terms of dynamics, the car uses a combination of double fork arm + multi-link independent suspension, and Tesla has adjusted its chassis for partial control. On the basis of ensuring a certain comfort, the driving control experience is also good. However, compared with the mainstream household SUV, its suspension adjustment is still hard, and the effect of filtering potholes and bumpy roads is not good. At the same time, the turning radius of the car is too large, and the steering is also a little empty. For narrow roads, it needs multiple operations, and the noise control is slightly poor. After all, the use of borderless doors still lacks noise suppression.\nOverall, the Tesla Model Y, as a true \"hit king\", has won wide attention for its excellent product strength and sales results. Although there are some flaws, its advantages are still significant in the market, and no car is perfect. If it is not the pursuit of performance, then consider its rear-drive version is enough for daily use. After all, its 100-kilometer acceleration time has also reached 6.9 seconds. If you have to pursue performance or driving experience, it is better to choose the Model 3, which has a relatively harder chassis adjustment and a more sporty driving experience.", "answer": "#### Main Title: Model Y: A Game Changer in the Automotive Market?\n#### Subtitle: Unraveling the Product Power behind Tesla's Latest Hit", "reason": "The required answer requires that the vast majority of the text be in Chinese, and only non-Chinese words with some professional nouns are accepted.\nThe generated title is in English and needs to be translated into Chinese.\nSo there is a problem of \"there is a foreign language to translate\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nA few days ago, (a car APP) took a picture of the Chevrolet Xingmai Luo Mountain Wild Star Riding real car in advance during the 2023 Chengdu Auto Show exploration process. The car can be regarded as the original modified version of Xingmai Luo, which is mainly upgraded in appearance and expansion equipment for outdoor use.\nThe Star Mailo Mountain Wild Star Ride is developed based on the Star Mailo RS series high-end model, and upgraded with green bee green paint, widened black wheel eyebrows and all-terrain tires. At the same time, the Star Mailo Mountain Wild Star Ride is equipped with a storage platform, a bicycle frame and 4 spotlights that can be turned on remotely, so it is different from the original Star Mailo RS in functionality and visual effect.\nIn addition to the appearance adjustment, the Xingmaro Mountain Wild Star Ride has been adjusted in terms of interior materials, which is reflected in the use of Nappa leather wraps in areas such as seats, door panels, steering wheel and shift lever. Other configuration levels are basically the same as the original Xingmaro RS. It is expected that the car's power system will continue to be equipped with a 1.5T engine, and the transmission system matches the CVT continuously variable transmission.", "answer": "Main title: Chevrolet Star Mailo Mountain Wild Star Ride, outdoor equipment upgrade, is it worth looking forward to?\nSubtitle: Based on the Star Marrow RS, all-terrain tires, spotlights, bicycle racks and other functional configurations help outdoor adventures. It is expected to be equipped with a 1.5T engine and a CVT continuously variable transmission.", "reason": "The required answer requires that the vast majority of the text be in Chinese, and only non-Chinese words with some professional nouns are accepted.\nExcept for proper terms such as \"Star Marrow RS\" and \"CVT stepless transmission\", no other foreign languages appeared.\nSo there is no question of \"there is a foreign language translation\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nThe most interesting thing in these cars is the Ideal L9, for no other reason, because the Ideal L9 is the highest-selling high-end large SUV; and the newly launched version is actually a low-end version, and the purpose of the launch is nothing more than to lower the price threshold and further increase sales. Li Auto's \"ambition\" is not small. It seems that tens of thousands of vehicles can no longer satisfy its appetite. Is the Ideal L9 Pro version with a price 429,800 and an actual reduction of 30,000 yuan worth choosing?\nWhether it is worth it depends on the configuration. When the price comes down, the configuration will come down.\nDifferential configurations include:\nAssisted driving chip, Pro version with Horizon Journey 5 single chip, 128TOPS computing power\nMAX version (459,800 yuan), using dual NVIDIA (NVIDIA) Orin-X chips, total computing power 508TOPS\nHigh definition camera · 8 million pixels, Pro version 1, MAX version 6\nOrdinary camera · 2 million pixels, Pro version 9, MAX version 5\nFront-mounted millimeter wave radar, both 1\nUltrasonic radars, all 12\n128-line lidar, Pro version does not have it, MAX version 1.\nThe main difference of the ideal L9 Pro version is the hardware configuration of the intelligent driving system. The core difference is the overhead lidar in the red box, and the comfort configuration and power platform are exactly the same.\nSo what are the differences between these configurations?\nIn short, the ideal L9 Pro version only supports assisted driving in highway scenarios, while the more expensive MAX version supports full-scene assisted driving in urban sections and highways.\nThe difference is this, the rational suggestion option is the ideal L9 MAX, although the price is 30,000 yuan higher, but the hardware standard of the intelligent driving system is higher; do not underestimate the lidar, without this radar in the future, it cannot be upgraded to L3 level and higher standard assisted driving. Ultrasonic radar is of little significance, it is just an ordinary reversing radar. Although millimeter wave radar is not affected by visibility, it cannot complete 3D modeling. So if you particularly like assisted driving and intelligent technology configuration, L9 MAX is an irreplaceable option.\nOn the contrary, if you are more concerned about driving experience, space and comfort configuration, as well as the aura of large SUVs, it doesn't matter. It is not recommended to use assisted driving on general urban roads. After all, the road conditions are too complex, and it is enough for highways to use lane keeping and full-speed adaptive cruising normally.\nLooking at the drive platform again, the ideal L9 Pro is still driven by front and rear dual motors, a four-wheel drive vehicle, with a power reserve of 330kW/620N · m, capable of breaking 100 in 5.3 seconds; the pure electric mode cruising range is still 215 kilometers (CLTC operating conditions), and the range extender model has not changed. It is still a 1.5T four-cylinder engine.\nThe overall competitiveness remains strong, especially compared to the NIO ES8.\nI believe that after the launch of the ideal L9 Pro version, the monthly sales of the car can reach the standard of the total sales of the NIO brand; but it is not that the NIO ES8 is not good, but the price of this car is high. Although the ES8 is equipped with lidar as standard, the guide price is 49.8-59 8,000, and this car is a medium and large car, which is smaller than the ideal L9 body. At the same time, the starting standard of pure electric cruising range is only 465 kilometers, and the highest is only 605 kilometers. It is indeed a bit low. Based on the starting price and other domestic car analysis of the same price, the cruising range of the ES8 should be at least 700 kilometers.\nOtherwise, facing the ideal L9 with no range and charging anxiety, it is inevitable that it will lack competitiveness. It seems that the high-end SUV still depends on Li Auto to perform.", "answer": "Main title: Whether it is worth it depends on the configuration. How to choose the ideal L9 Pro version?\nThe ideal L9 Pro version configuration is down, the price starts 429,800, will you choose?", "reason": "The required answer requires that the vast majority of the text be in Chinese, and only non-Chinese words with some professional nouns are accepted.\nThe main and subtitle prefixes \"Main title\" and \"Subtitle\" in the answer are in English, and they need to be translated into Chinese \"Main title\" and \"Subtitle\".\nSo there is a problem of \"there is a foreign language to translate\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
