{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nWhat should I do if my vehicle suddenly catches fire?", "answer": "1. If your car is moving and the fire is out of control, you should stop safely immediately. Never try to put out the fire or get out of the car, as this could cause an explosion and harm you and those around you.\n2. Escape the car quickly while ensuring safety and leave it where it is. Stay away from the scene and remain calm so you can take the next step.\n3. Call emergency services to report the fire and provide them with a detailed description of the fire's location, severity and your location. Wait for the arrival of rescue personnel.\n4. Remain calm and promptly notify the insurance company of the fire situation and provide all necessary documents and information for claim processing.", "reason": "The required answers provide correct answers and correct information.\n1. The first point in the answer says that you should stop safely and never try to put out the fire or leave the car. This point is not mentioned in the reference answer. According to my knowledge, if a fire starts, you should immediately move away from the car to a safe position. The answer says that the fire should not leave the car, so the answer is wrong.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1, "reference": "If a vehicle suddenly catches fire, the following measures can be taken:\nThe first thing to do is to ensure the safety of people. If possible, move the vehicle away from the place where people are concentrated as soon as possible to avoid the fire getting out of control or causing harm to other people.\nIf there is a fire in the engine compartment of the vehicle, stop immediately and cut off the power supply and extinguish the fire with a fire extinguisher. If the fire is too large, call 119 immediately to call the police.\nIf a fire breaks out in the cargo hold of a vehicle, the vehicle should be moved away from the place where people are concentrated as soon as possible, and then extinguished with a fire extinguisher. If the fire is too large, call 119 immediately to call the police.\nIf a vehicle's fuel tank catches fire, you can use a fire extinguisher or sand on the ground to extinguish the fire on the ground, and immediately call 119 to call the police.\nIf a vehicle collides and catches fire, you should immediately call 119 to alert the police and evacuate all personnel in the vehicle to a safe place as much as possible.\nIf the vehicle spontaneously ignites, stop immediately, cut off the power supply, and use a fire extinguisher to extinguish the fire. If the fire is too large, call 119 immediately to call the police.\nIn any case, if someone is injured, they should immediately call the emergency number 120 for medical assistance.\nIn short, if a vehicle suddenly catches fire, you should stay calm and take appropriate measures according to the size and location of the fire to minimize casualties and property damage. At the same time, pay attention to safety first and avoid blind actions and risky behavior."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nIs it illegal to overtake on a highway?", "answer": "Yes, it is considered illegal to drive over the speed limit on the expressway. According to Article 42 of the Road Traffic Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, a motor vehicle shall not exceed the maximum speed indicated on the speed limit sign when driving on the road. On sections without speed limit signs, a safe speed shall be maintained. Therefore, under any circumstances, you should obey the provisions of traffic laws to drive.", "reason": "The required answers provide correct answers and correct information.\nThe answer begins by saying that speeding is illegal.\nThe reference answer says that speeding is an offence.\nThe conclusion in the answer is correct.\nThe following part of the answer quotes Article 42 of the Road Traffic Safety Law of the People's Republic of China for a more specific explanation.\nThe specific content of this regulation is not included in the reference answer.\nAccording to my knowledge, the content of the law quoted is correct.\nSo the answer is correct.\nSo there's no question of wrong answer.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0, "reference": "Overtaking and speeding is illegal. Instantaneous speeding is not allowed when overtaking, and instantaneous speeding is illegal; driving medium-sized and above passenger-carrying trucks, school buses, and dangerous goods transportation vehicles on highways and roads other than urban expressways or driving other motor vehicles to exceed the specified speed shall be subject to fines in addition to points. Traffic regulations stipulate that instantaneous speeding is not allowed when overtaking, and instantaneous speeding is illegal. Speeding is a dangerous behavior. It is a very serious traffic violation, and the harm is relatively large. Driving a medium-sized or above passenger-carrying truck, school bus, or dangerous goods transport vehicle on a highway or urban expressway exceeding the specified speed by more than 20% per hour or on a road other than an expressway or an urban expressway exceeding the specified speed by more than 50% per hour, and driving other motor vehicles exceeding the specified speed by more than 50%, 12 points will be charged at a time, and a fine will also be paid. Driving a medium-sized or above passenger-carrying truck, school bus, or dangerous goods transport vehicle on a road other than an expressway or an urban expressway or driving other motor vehicle exceeding the specified speed by more than 20% per hour and not reaching 50%, 6 points will be charged at a time, and a fine will also be paid. Driving a medium-sized or above passenger-carrying truck or a dangerous goods transportation vehicle on a highway or a road other than an urban expressway, or driving another motor vehicle at a speed exceeding the prescribed speed by less than 20%, shall be subject to a fine."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nThe car malfunctions and cannot continue driving. How can I contact rescue?", "answer": "If your vehicle malfunctions and is unable to move properly, you can take the following steps to seek help: First try calling an emergency services number (such as 911) or contacting the insurance company you have purchased insurance from. If you have a backup phone or other contact information you can call them for help. While waiting for assistance make sure to move any dangerous items to a safe location and turn on warning lights to alert other drivers to your situation.", "reason": "The required answers provide correct answers and correct information.\n1. The answer says to try to dial the emergency service number (such as 911) first. The domestic rescue number mentioned in the reference answer is 114. According to my knowledge, the answers 112 and 119 are also correct. The number given in the answer is 911 in the United States, so the answer is wrong.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1, "reference": "Contact the traffic police: If the vehicle malfunctions on the road, you can first contact the traffic police, who will quickly arrive at the scene of the accident and contact the rescue vehicle according to the situation at the scene.\nContact the insurance rescue team: If the vehicle has purchased car insurance, you can contact the rescue service team of the corresponding insurance company, who usually provide 24-hour rescue services.\nDial 114 to inquire: If the traffic police or insurance rescue team cannot be contacted in time, you can call 114 to inquire about the contact information of the nearby car rescue service company and seek their assistance.\nSeek rescue from passing vehicles: If it is in a remote area or at night, you can ask for help from passing vehicles, such as starting the engine with electricity. However, it should be noted that at this time, you need to pay attention to the correct wiring method, the positive electrode is connected to the positive electrode, and the negative electrode is connected to the negative electrode.\nIn short, when the car malfunctions and cannot continue to drive, it is very important to take corresponding measures to contact the rescue in time. At the same time, in order to avoid this situation, it is recommended that car owners do a good job of vehicle maintenance and maintenance at ordinary times, abide by traffic rules and drive safely."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nIs there a high probability of spontaneous combustion of new energy vehicles?", "answer": "The probability of spontaneous combustion of new energy vehicles is relatively large. According to statistics, there will be a total of 640 new energy vehicle fires in our country Quarter 1 in 2022, and the probability of spontaneous combustion is much higher than that of traditional fuel vehicles.", "reason": "The required answers provide correct answers and correct information.\nThe answer begins by saying that the probability of spontaneous combustion of new energy vehicles is relatively high.\nThe reference answer says that the probability of spontaneous combustion of new energy is much higher than that of traditional fuel vehicles, but it is still only an example. Overall, the probability of spontaneous combustion of new energy is very low.\nThe answer is that the probability of spontaneous combustion of new energy vehicles is relatively high, and the answer is incorrect.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1, "reference": "2.939 million, this figure is not the cumulative sales of a certain brand, but the sales of new energy vehicles in our country from January to May this year. The Passenger Federation predicts that the sales of new energy vehicles will reach a record high this year, and the annual sales will exceed 8.50 million, and the penetration rate is expected to reach 36%. The current operating status is basically in line with the forecast.\nWhile seeing the good news, we must also face some issues rationally. For example, another set of figures should also be taken seriously. According to the statistics of the Ministry of Emergency Management of the People's Republic of China, there were a total of 640 new energy vehicle fires in Quarter 1 in 2022, which is equivalent to an average of more than 7 new energy vehicle fire accidents per day. The probability is much higher than that of traditional fuel vehicles. It is no exaggeration to say that spontaneous combustion has become one of the main safety hazards of new energy vehicles. Prepare for a rainy day and prevent problems before they occur. We should do the following at ordinary times.\nSome new energy car owners may panic when they see this. In fact, don't worry too much. Spontaneous fire is an exception after all. Now the mainstream tram brands on the market are very good at battery protection, and the failure rate is extremely low. We just need to pay more attention when using the car. Please refer to the following points in battery protection;\n1. Avoid charging the battery to 100% or discharging it to 0% as often as possible, and try to keep the battery charged and discharged within the range of 20-80% to prolong the service life of the battery.\n2 Charge regularly, rather than waiting for the battery to fully run out of booster charge. Choose the right time to charge the battery to around 80%, which can provide enough range when needed and reduce overcharging of the battery.\n3 Before using the charging pile, carefully check whether the socket and cable are intact to ensure that there is no damage or debris. This can avoid short circuits or leakage during use of the charging pile, thereby reducing the risk of spontaneous combustion of the vehicle.\nNew energy owners should also try to avoid wading or driving in bad road conditions, because the battery pack is located at the bottom of the vehicle chassis. If the vehicle wades or drives on bad roads, it is easy to cause damage to the battery pack, thereby increasing the risk of spontaneous combustion. Because the battery pack is installed at the bottom of the vehicle chassis, if the vehicle wades or drags the bottom, it is easy to cause damage to the battery pack and increase the risk of spontaneous combustion. In addition, regular vehicle maintenance and inspection should be done."}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nCan the lifetime driving ban be lifted?", "answer": "The answer to your mileage may vary. However, here are some suggestions:\n1. Seek professional help: If you are someone who has been banned from driving for life, then seeking the help of professionals may be a good option. These professionals can provide you with useful advice and support to help you find a solution that is right for you.\n2. Seek out social activities: Sharing experiences with other prohibited drivers can help you become more aware of your situation and receive more support and encouragement. This will help you maintain a positive attitude when dealing with this issue.\n3. Take Rehabilitation Courses: Many rehabilitation centers offer courses for people who are banned from driving for life. These courses can help you better understand your problem and provide practical skills to deal with difficult situations.\n4. Seek psychotherapy: If you are feeling emotionally troubled or anxious, consider seeking psychotherapy. This can help you manage your emotions, improve your self-confidence, and help you find a more positive lifestyle.", "reason": "The required answers provide correct answers and correct information.\nThe answer is to answer the aspects of physical and mental health after a lifetime driving ban. The reference answer is to explain that the lifetime driving ban cannot be lifted through policies or regulations related to the driving ban. The answer is completely irrelevant to the reference answer, so the answer is wrong.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1, "reference": "According to the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 101 of the Road Traffic Safety Law, the lifetime driving ban is a severe punishment for drivers who seriously violate road traffic safety laws and regulations. When drivers meet the following three conditions, they will face the penalty of lifetime driving ban:\n1. The driver violates the provisions of road traffic safety laws and regulations, resulting in a major traffic accident. In this case, the severity of the accident and the driver's illegal behavior will be evaluated and determined in accordance with the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China and the Interpretation of the Supreme People's Court on Several Issues Concerning the Specific Application of Law in the Trial of Criminal Cases of Traffic Accidents.\n2. In an accident, the driver's behavior constitutes a crime. This means that in a major traffic accident, the driver should bear the main responsibility or full responsibility, and his behavior has constituted a traffic accident crime. In special circumstances, even if the driver bears the same responsibility, it may be identified as a traffic accident crime.\n3. After causing a traffic accident, the driver committed escape behavior. The purpose of this behavior is to deliberately evade legal prosecution and flee the scene of the accident.\nTherefore, the lifetime driving ban is a severe penalty for serious traffic violations that cannot be lifted once implemented. It is designed to protect public safety and ensure strict enforcement of road traffic safety laws."}
