{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nWhen buying a car, you must not only consider your own car needs, but also evaluate your economic conditions, and choose the model that suits you according to your income level. Especially for many working class people, although the cost of daily life has made you stretched, but they urgently need a transportation or commercial model to improve their quality of life. So when considering buying a car, in addition to considering the price, the daily car cost must also be considered. Then again, how much does it cost to buy a new car? How much is the cost of maintaining a car every year?\nCombined with the real feedback from various automotive platforms and automotive media, we analyze the overall performance of this car from the perspectives of product force information, car purchase cost, and car use cost, etc.? What is the average monthly cost of car maintenance? A series of content called \"Car Review for a Minute\" is specially launched, allowing you to quickly understand the real situation of the vehicle.\nToday, I would like to introduce the Zero Run Car Zero Run C012023 525 Comfort Edition to you. Let's review the basic situation of this car in terms of product strength.\nProduct force information\nZero Run Car Zero Run C01 2023 525 Comfort Edition is targeted at medium and large vehicles, with active safety warning systems such as (lane departure warning, forward collision warning); active safety configurations such as active braking, lane keeping assistance, and road traffic sign recognition; and (reversing image, 360 ° panoramic image) and other driver assistance images and (fixed speed cruise, adaptive cruise) cruise system assistance/control configurations; passive safety configurations such as main/co-pilot seat, front side airbags, and side air curtains.\nAt the same time, the car is equipped with 10.25-inch full LCD meters, 12.8-inch central control screen, 10.25-inch passenger screen, imitation leather seats, leather steering wheel (multi-function); with (vehicle monitoring, remote control, charging management, service reservation) and other functional mobile phone App remote control, equipped with 5 external cameras, 4 ultrasonic radars, 1 millimeter wave radar and other intelligent configurations, with L1 auxiliary driving level.\n\nFinally, in terms of power, it is equipped with a permanent magnet/synchronous rear single motor, with a total power of 200kw and a total torque of 360N · m. The driving mode is rear drive, matched with a fixed gear ratio gearbox, and the chassis is independently suspended by front double fork arms and rear multi-link.\n\nCar purchase cost\nAt present, taking Shenzhen as an example, there is no car purchase discount for new cars. If you choose to buy a car with a loan, you can pay 30% down payment, the loan period is 36 months, and the monthly payment fee for the vehicle is 3131 yuan; at the same time, you need to pay 950 yuan for compulsory traffic insurance (5 seats), 1917 yuan for third-party liability insurance (1 million), 2456 yuan for vehicle loss insurance and 500 yuan for licensing fees, totaling 50,763 yuan. (Except for the monthly payment fee for vehicles)\n\n* This is calculated according to the first year insurance of the new car, and no preferential discounts are included, because the preferential policies of major insurance brands are different, and the actual situation shall prevail in the end.\nCar maintenance cost\nAccording to various car platforms, automotive media and other measured data show that the new car pure electric mileage of 525km, a year driving 10000km to calculate the slow charge by 0.5 yuan once electricity, fast charge by 1.6 yuan once electricity to calculate, a year of the total electricity cost of about 598.10 yuan~ 1913.90 yuan; at the same time, pure electric vehicle maintenance is mainly routine inspection of three electric systems and replacement of some vulnerable, consumable parts, new car 60,000 km maintenance total cost is estimated to be 3424 yuan, plus 200 yuan labor costs, a new car car maintenance costs about 1368.76 yuan~ 2684.57 yuan.\n\n* Due to different local policies, electricity charges are collected in different layers, and your mileage may vary, and the actual cost shall prevail.\nsummary\nIt is known from the above calculation that the 525 Comfort Edition of Zero Run Car Zero Run C01 2023 is calculated according to the 10,000 kilometers traveled in a year. The total cost of the loan purchase (including the down payment) + car maintenance in the first year is about 5 2131.76 yuan~ 53447.57 yuan, and the average monthly share is about 4344.31 yuan~ 4453.96 yuan (excluding monthly payment fees). Of course, in addition to the above three main expenses, there are also unpredictable costs such as parking fees, car washing fees, car accessories, high-speed fees, and fines for violations.", "answer": "[Zero Run C01 2203 525 Comfort Edition]\n[Buying Guide]\nWhen buying a car, you need to consider not only your own car needs, but also your financial situation. When buying a vehicle, in addition to considering the price, you must also evaluate your own expenses. Especially for many office workers, buying a mobile or commercial vehicle is an important means to improve the quality of their livelihood. However, buying a brand new car will inevitably bring some economic pressure. Therefore, when purchasing a car, in addition to considering the price of the car, you also need to evaluate the annual cost of the car.\n[Monthly car cost]\nAccording to actual data from various car platforms and automotive media, the monthly cost of the 525 Comfort Edition of the Zero Run C01 2203 is about 1,000 yuan. This includes expenses such as energy consumption, maintenance and repair. However, this is only a rough estimate, because the final cost of the car also depends on its own car situation.", "reason": "A large number of traditional characters appeared in the answer, and almost the entire text was in traditional characters.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"affecting reading\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nA few days ago, (a car APP) took a picture of the Chevrolet Xingmai Luo Mountain Wild Star Riding real car in advance during the 2023 Chengdu Auto Show exploration process. The car can be regarded as the original modified version of Xingmai Luo, which is mainly upgraded in appearance and expansion equipment for outdoor use.\nThe Star Mailo Mountain Wild Star Ride is developed based on the Star Mailo RS series high-end model, and upgraded with green bee green paint, widened black wheel eyebrows and all-terrain tires. At the same time, the Star Mailo Mountain Wild Star Ride is equipped with a storage platform, a bicycle frame and 4 spotlights that can be turned on remotely, so it is different from the original Star Mailo RS in functionality and visual effect.\nIn addition to the appearance adjustment, the Xingmaro Mountain Wild Star Ride has been adjusted in terms of interior materials, which is reflected in the use of Nappa leather wraps in areas such as seats, door panels, steering wheel and shift lever. Other configuration levels are basically the same as the original Xingmaro RS. It is expected that the car's power system will continue to be equipped with a 1.5T engine, and the transmission system matches the CVT continuously variable transmission.", "answer": "Main title: What are the highlights of the Xingmailuo Mountain Wild Star Riders?\nSubtitle:", "reason": "The subtitle generated in the answer is garbled.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"affecting reading\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nDomestic models have also been dark horse models in recent years. Today, this one is Chery's Tiggo 9, which is also equipped with Chery's product technology accumulated over the years. We take Tiggo 9 2023 400T four-wheel drive flagship version 7 seats as an example, and sell 209,900 to see the static performance of this car.\nTiggo 9 also adopts the latest design of the family in the exterior design. The front face grid occupies a large area and is oval-shaped, and the interior is embellished with straight trim strips, making the front of the car look extra energetic. The edge area of the middle net is also designed with rounded corners to reflect the softness of the front of the car. The full lines of the hood are highly recognizable with the air intake below. The headlights are led light sources, the standard matrix headlights inside, its own far and near lights and automatic headlights.\nThe side of the car body presents a good sense of luxury as a whole. The door handle adopts a hidden design. At the same time, it has the visual effect of a suspended roof. There are not too many lines on it to outline, which looks extra full, while the tail lights are blackened. And use the current through-type shape. The whole side and tail have some similar to Range Rover. More like their extended version. Good visual effect.\nIn terms of interior, the whole style is also dominated by the smart cockpit. The 12.3-inch dual screen provides a good one. The technical car is equipped with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8155 chip. Whether it is the operation response speed or the feedback brought by the touch, it can have a good intelligent experience. The steering wheel is also a three-frame multi-function steering wheel, and a large number of leather materials are used in the car in terms of materials. Full of luxury.\nIn the space part, the size of the Tiggo 9 is 4820x1930x1710MM, and the wheelbase is 2820MM. The space performance is generous. The seats are made of leather seats, which are 2 + 3 and 2 + 3 + 2 seat layouts. The main and co-pilot support electric adjustment, and the second row can adjust the backrest angle and support proportional reclining to further expand the storage environment.\nIn terms of power, the car is equipped with a 2.0T engine with a maximum power of 261 horsepower and a maximum torque of 400 Nm. It is matched with an 8-speed automatic gearbox and consumes 8.5L. As a 1.7-ton model, it is quite good to have such tourists.\nIn general, the Tiggo 9 has shown good strength in terms of appearance and power, and also has a strong competitiveness in the market. At present, the price guide of the car is 15.29 to 209,900 yuan. What do you think of this car?", "answer": "Main title: Can Tiggo  9 become a new benchmark for domestic SUVs?\nSubtitle: Tiggo 9 Atmospheric appearance, luxurious interior, equipped with 2.0T engine, priced from 152,900 yuan", "reason": "The main title in the answer contains emoji .\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"affecting reading\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nIn recent years, the development of new energy vehicles has been relatively rapid, and various car companies have launched many fashionable and handsome models with good quality, which has attracted the favor of many riders. Some riders expressed interest in new energy models and want to know the maintenance cost of new energy models. Take the Qichen D60 EV2022 PLUS SI Comfort Edition as an example. Let's take a look at the cost of this car in the first year.\nIn terms of car cost, let's first look at its energy consumption. The 2022 PLUS SI Comfort Edition of the Qichen D60 EV is equipped with a pure electric 120kW (163Ps) front single motor with a maximum torque of 280N · m. Equipped with a lithium iron phosphate battery, the capacity is 47kWh, and it supports fast charging. Its MIIT pure electric cruising range is 420km, and the power consumption of 100 kilometers is 12.9kWh/100km. We calculate according to the 10,000 kilometers driven a year, the kilowatt-hour electricity is 0.8 yuan, and the annual electricity bill is about 1032 yuan.\nSecondly, in terms of insurance, the guiding price of the car is 139,800, and it is necessary to spend 1450 yuan (including purchase tax 0 yuan, compulsory traffic insurance 950 yuan, license fee 500 yuan, vehicle and ship tax 0 yuan), commercial insurance 5053 yuan (including third-party liability insurance according to 2 million yuan compensation calculation, the cost is 2133 yuan, vehicle loss insurance 2200 yuan, other vehicle liability insurance (driver), vehicle liability insurance (passenger), body scratch insurance total about 720 yuan, the compensation amount can be selected according to your own needs)\nMaintenance costs: for new energy, the first year of the new car almost do not have to do too much maintenance, the general first warranty in 5000 kilometers, and the first warranty is a gift, the rest of the maintenance content required for every 5000 kilometers is basically the maintenance of air conditioning or brake pads, to 10,000 kilometers a year, the annual maintenance cost is about 300 yuan.\nIn addition to these necessary expenses, there will be some inevitable parking fees, high-speed fees, car wash fees, etc. in daily life, as well as accidental illegal fees. This fee is too uncertain, and it should be considered according to your actual situation. We are about 200 yuan a month and 2,400 yuan a year.\nAfter the above introduction, we can calculate that the Qichen D60 EV 2022 PLUS SI Comfort Edition will cost a total of 10,235 yuan per year in terms of energy costs, insurance costs, maintenance costs and daily expenses, which is equivalent to 853 yuan per month. If there is no risk, the subsequent insurance premium will be reduced, and the cost of using the car will also decrease. Do you feel that the cost of using this car is expensive?", "answer": "Generation requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence", "reason": "As a result, the instructions are repeated without providing substantive content, the generated questions and answers are completely irrelevant, and the answers are wrong, but the layout is clear, the organization is clear, the format is plain text, and there are no garbled characters and emojis, etc., so that readers can read them without any obstacles.\nSo there is no question of \"affecting reading\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nInsert mixed Accord, castrate the trunk, and the sales volume in June did not exceed 10,000!\nCar show coffee 07-18 Follow\nHonda Accord, as a joint venture B-class car, has always had a very good market reputation and market sales in the domestic market with its good design, high product strength and comfortable driving experience.\nHowever, for such a hot-selling joint venture car, after this year's replacement, especially in the new energy era, Honda Accord's sales have also experienced a very serious decline.\n\nAccording to the data, in June 2023, Honda Accord's sales were 9,008 units, a year-on-year decrease of 57.58% and a month-on-month decrease of 22.06%. It is extremely rare for Accord to experience year-on-year and month-on-month declines at the same time.\nYou know, in April this year, Honda Accord's sales reached 25,590 units, while in May this year, although Accord's sales declined month-on-month, reaching 11,783 units, it was still able to achieve monthly sales of over 10,000 units.\nAfter the 11th generation Accord was launched on the market, it could be said that the Accord almost lost its previous competitive advantage in the full sales month of June this year. Because in June this year, the sales of the Toyota Camry, which was also a joint venture B-class car, had reached 24,036 units, while the sales of the Nissan Teana, although not as good as the Toyota Camry, also reached 11,123 units, which means that among the Japanese B-class cars, the Accord's sales have reached the bottom.\n\nOf course, in the automotive market, there are many cases of failed replacement models, such as Nissan's three-cylinder Qijun and Ford's Focus models. Whether it is a three-cylinder engine or a reduction in the distribution, the model will eventually fail. But in fact, the Honda Accord did not make serious mistakes, but there are many reasons, including the design, trunk and charging method, which are unacceptable to many consumers.\nThe 11th generation Accord plug-in hybrid model is equipped with a 2.0L naturally aspirated engine with a maximum power output of 109kW and a torque of 182N · m. The motor is a front layout, with a total power output of 135kW and a total torque of 335N · m. The battery is provided by Ningde Times, with an energy of 17.7kWh. Under WLTC conditions, the pure electric cruising range is 82km, and the comprehensive fuel consumption under feed state is 4.88L/100km.\nFrom the data analysis, whether it is fuel consumption or performance, in addition to the unsatisfactory battery life of the Accord, in other aspects, the Accord's comprehensive product strength is still quite good.\nHowever, when designing Accord products in the early stage, the plug-in hybrid model was not taken into account, so the new Accord plug-in hybrid version had no way to lay the battery tiled on the chassis of the vehicle, and could only find another space for the battery. Therefore, the space in the trunk was sacrificed, and the high bulge in the back row also affected the space in the back row, making Honda, known as the \"space master\", unable to start.\nIn addition, as a plug-in hybrid model, the Honda Accord is not equipped with a fast charging function, which means that if the plug-in hybrid version of the Accord is driven solely on electricity, it is difficult to solve the charging problem, and it cannot meet the needs of consumers for daily driving.\nWrite at the end of the article\nFrom the perspective of fuel vehicles, the new Accord does have a good comprehensive product strength, but as a plug-in hybrid model, the Accord is actually not outstanding in the new energy market, especially for consumers who consider comfort and have requirements for the trunk. Whether the Honda Accord plug-in hybrid version can meet their needs remains a question worth considering.", "answer": " Sheng created a set of main titles and subtitles, titled \" 101,000 kilometers of Honda Accord plug-in hybrid battery life experience,\" and subtitled \"How much battery life? Are charging facilities ubiquitous?\".", "reason": "Multiple emojis appeared in the answer.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"affecting reading\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
