{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nJapanese cars have always enjoyed a good reputation in China, with advanced engine technology has been recognized by many consumers, low fuel consumption as a daily commuting family scooter or a better choice. This issue takes Dongfeng Honda's Honda CR-V 2023 240TURBO CVT two-wheel drive dynamic 5-seat version as an example, the introductory version guide price 185,900, and the current Chengdu end point discount 15,000.\nAppearance: This version currently only has a color scheme of Jingyao White, which is more classic than other colors, and is suitable for the aesthetics of most people, and is more resistant to dirt. The front face adopts a hexagonal air intake grille, standard with active closed air intake grille function, which effectively realizes the resistance caused by wind resistance and is more energy-saving.\nLight group part: relatively flat LED headlights, sharp shape, support near and far integrated conversion, daytime running lights, automatic headlights, height adjustment, delay closing function, basic functions are complete and practical.\nSide of the body: The body size is 4703mm long, 1866mm wide, 1680mm high, and the wheelbase is 2701mm. It is positioned as a compact car, and the size performance is fair and fair, without any grooves. The side lines are relatively flat, and the top is designed with shark fins and rear tail aerodynamic fins to enhance the mobility of the vehicle. With 17-inch petal-shaped wheels, it is fashionable. Matching it are Templo tires, which have good wear resistance and grip.\nInterior: The dark design of pure black is used, and the interior is relatively simple. The standard PM2.5 filter automatic air conditioner trend is divided up and down through the through design, and the sense of hierarchy is improved. The top adopts a 10.1-inch floating central control large screen layout, which supports GPS navigation, navigation road condition information display, vehicle to everything, mobile phone interconnection mapping, automatic speech recognition system. You can wake up by saying \"Hello Honda\" through the voice of Honda CONNECT's in-vehicle intelligence system, and open the panoramic sunroof.\nSafe driving assistance: Standard ABS anti-lock braking, brake assistance, body stabilization system, fatigue driving, with uphill assistance, steep descent, variable steering system and other functions, at high and low speeds, through the adjustment of the steering angle, to achieve driving while holding the steering wheel more labor-saving, improve the stability of the vehicle.\nPower: equipped with a 1.5T four-cylinder engine + CVT continuously variable transmission, refueled with 92 gasoline, the maximum horsepower is 193Ps, the maximum torque is 243N · m, the WLTC comprehensive fuel consumption is 7.31L/100km, and the maximum speed is 188km/h.\n\nThis issue selects BYD, Song PLUS DM-i 2021 DM-i 110KM two-wheel drive flagship PLUS 5G version to benchmark with it, the guide price is 187,800, the body size is 4705mm long, 1890mm wide, 1680mm high, and the wheelbase is 2765mm. Power part, 1.5L four-cylinder engine + front single motor, total motor horsepower 197Ps, electric torque 325N · m. Engine maximum horsepower 110Ps, maximum torque 135N · m, NEDC comprehensive fuel consumption 0.9L/100km.\nConclusion: The 2023 Honda CR-V is more stylish and sporty in appearance, with a well-defined body size and complete functional configuration. The power system still has advantages compared to fuel models of the same level, but in the face of today's increasingly powerful new energy models, the disadvantage is more obvious. So what do you think?", "answer": "Honda CR-V VS BYD Song PLUS: Home SUV Performance Competition\n---\n\n** Main title: Honda CR-V and BYD Song PLUS, who is the first choice for family cars? **\n\n** Subtitle: Advanced Engine Technology and Low Fuel Consumption - Detailed Analysis of Honda CR-V 2023 240TURBO CVT Two-wheel Drive Dynamic 5-Seat Edition **\n\nOn the Honda CR-V 2023 240TURBO CVT two-wheel drive dynamic 5-seat model, we can see that its classic design and practicality have been well balanced. The official price guide of this model is 185,900 yuan, but there is a 15,000 yuan discount in the Chengdu market, which makes the actual purchase cost lower.\n\nThe exterior design of this car adopts the classic hexagonal grille style, and the front is equipped with an active closed air intake grille, which can not only effectively reduce the wind resistance coefficient and improve fuel economy, but also make the vehicle look more beautiful during driving. In addition, the headlights of the car also have the functions of brightness adjustment and automatic opening and closing, which can adjust the light intensity according to the change of ambient light to ensure the driver's vision clarity; daytime running lights and automatic light switching also ensure the safety of driving at night.\n\nThe design of the side of the car also shows its elegant and dynamic side. The shark fin antenna on the roof adds a certain visual impact to make the car look more sporty. The 17-inch petal-shaped aluminum alloy wheels give it a sense of style. The tires are made of DUNLOP brand products, which have good wear resistance and provide good grip and handling performance to ensure safe and stable driving.\n\nWhen you come into the car, you will find that its interior space also shows the excellent tradition of Honda. The black-toned style creates a calm and atmospheric feeling. The seat comfort is very good, and the seat material is synthetic leather, which is soft and comfortable. The middle bulge of the rear floor is not high, which is conducive to reducing the comfort of long-distance rides. The 10.1-inch central control LCD screen provides rich entertainment and practicality. The built-in functions include on-board Wi-Fi hotspot, vehicle to everything, Bluetooth/call, etc. It is readily available to meet daily needs without any problem. In addition, there is a PM2.5 filter system. The high-efficiency filter can effectively block the harm of dust particles to the human body, greatly improving the air quality, thus ensuring the health, safety, health, environmental protection and comfort of the passengers.\n\nOverall, as a household Honda CR-V series model, it not only has excellent cost performance, but also has the characteristics of high reliability and durability, good maintenance and low maintenance costs. I believe it will become an ideal choice for many families. It is worth recommending to buy!", "reason": "The main subtitle needs to be generated, and the answer not only generates the main subtitle, but also generates a redundant article later.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nAt present, the sales rankings of cars in June have been released. According to the latest announced sales, the best-selling car in the entire sedan, SUV and MPV market is Model Y, which has won a dazzling result of 51,471 units at the price of 263,900. What is the concept of this number? This means that the revenue of this car alone has reached tens of billions of yuan, and this is the result of calculating the lowest price in 263,900. Model Y is undoubtedly a real \"explosion king\". This article starts from the product power of Model Y and talks about it.\nAt present, Model Y has 3 models on sale, divided into rear drive and four-wheel drive version, the official guide price is 26.39-36 3,900, including the introduction reward discount, the rear drive version of this car can be controlled at 26-270,000, to Tesla's current market, this price is more attractive.\nIn terms of appearance, the Model Y is like a fattened version of the Model 3. The overall design is still family-style. The round line design is matched with a closed air intake grille, which looks very simple and atmospheric. On both sides, there are sporty diversion grooves, and the raised rib lines on the hood make the whole front of the car more visually low. The rear of the car is still standardized, with symmetrical tail lights and ducktail spoiler design, which has obvious sporty style gains. However, the car's paint is thinner, and scratches may be left if you don't pay attention, which is a point that needs attention.\nOn the side of the car body, it adopts a slip-back design, blackened window trim and privacy glass, which has better privacy. Model Y has a length, width and height of 4750 * 1921 * 1624mm, and a wheelbase of 2890mm. The data performance is fair. At the same time, because of the slip-back design, the height of the rear row is not cushioned enough, and it is easy for taller passengers to head. However, the rear seats of the car can be laid flat, and there is a mattress that can turn the rear row into a bed in seconds, which has a high utilization rate in terms of space flexibility.\nEntering the car, the center console has only a standard 15-inch touch display screen for all series, and it also integrates the dashboard function. On the left is the Tesla-style steering wheel. The center console is decorated with soft materials and wood grain trim, and the overall style is minimalist. This minimalist style is excellent for space flexibility, but too minimalist is not an advantage. For example, the sunroof of the car does not even have a sunshade, which has an impact on travel comfort. In addition, there are no extra physical buttons in the car, which is inconvenient to operate during driving, but this is also controversial. Some people can operate various functions naturally after getting used to it, but it takes a relatively long time to adapt and learn.\nThe whole system comes standard with common car configurations such as automatic speech recognition control, vehicle to everything, and mobile APP remote control. And the car comes standard with L2-level auxiliary driving, and can be equipped with high-end smart driving functions through price increases, but I personally think it is unnecessary. After all, most cities in China only have L2-level smart driving functions. In fact, there are redundancies. Other basic configurations, Model Y is basically not absent, such as reversing images, heat pump air conditioning, mobile phone wireless charging, and also has highlights such as second-row seat heating, steering wheel heating, and main driver memory, which perform well.\nComing to the core part of the electric car, the car has three different cruising ranges, corresponding to three configuration styles. Under CLTC conditions, its pure electric range is 545km, 660km, and 615km respectively. The former is a combination of single motor + 60kWh battery, with a maximum power of 194kW (264Ps); the middle and the latter are a combination of front and rear dual motors + 78.4kWh battery. Although the power combination is the same, the specific power is different. Specifically, the long-drive battery life version has a cruising range of 660km, a maximum power of 331kW (450Ps), and a maximum torque of 559N · m, focusing on battery life; the high-performance version has a maximum of 357kW (486Ps), a maximum torque of 659N · m, and can complete a 0-100km/h sprint in 3.5s, focusing on performance.\nIn terms of dynamics, the car uses a combination of double fork arm + multi-link independent suspension, and Tesla has adjusted its chassis for partial control. On the basis of ensuring a certain comfort, the driving control experience is also good. However, compared with the mainstream household SUV, its suspension adjustment is still hard, and the effect of filtering potholes and bumpy roads is not good. At the same time, the turning radius of the car is too large, and the steering is also a little empty. For narrow roads, it needs multiple operations, and the noise control is slightly poor. After all, the use of borderless doors still lacks noise suppression.\nOverall, the Tesla Model Y, as a true \"hit king\", has won wide attention for its excellent product strength and sales results. Although there are some flaws, its advantages are still significant in the market, and no car is perfect. If it is not the pursuit of performance, then consider its rear-drive version is enough for daily use. After all, its 100-kilometer acceleration time has also reached 6.9 seconds. If you have to pursue performance or driving experience, it is better to choose the Model 3, which has a relatively harder chassis adjustment and a more sporty driving experience.", "answer": "(203 words in total)\nThis is an automotive product introduction article about Model Y. It mainly introduces the features and advantages of this model in terms of appearance, interior, driving experience, etc., and gives some tips and car purchase suggestions. The style of the article is concise and smooth, and the content is detailed and accurate, providing readers with sufficient information and reference.", "reason": "The main subtitle needs to be generated, and the answer generates an article.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nAt present, the competition in the domestic automobile market is getting bigger and bigger, and the compact SUV basically occupies most of the sales models. If you want to buy a domestic compact model with high cost performance, which one is stronger and weaker? Today, this Geely Boyue COOL may be able to meet your requirements. It is priced 102,800, which has not been long, and the price is reduced by 8000 yuan. Can it pry the status of Changan CS75 PLUS? Look down.\nIn the exterior part, the front of the car is designed with an angular grille, with a horizontal air inlet below. The middle net that almost fills the front of the car is connected to the through headlights. The headlights have practical functions such as adaptive far and near light, delayed headlight closing, and automatic headlights. The diversion groove cleverly forms a vertical triangle shape with the bumper.\nOn the side, the suspended roof is equipped with blackened door posts, and under the body is black hemming. The rearview mirror is also blackened, and supports more practical functions such as electric folding and memory. The car is positioned as a compact SUV, and the wheelbase of the body with a length of 4510mm, a width of 1865mm, a height of 1650mm, and a height of 2701mm indicates that the ride space is spacious.\nThe wheels are made of Chaoyang tires from Zhongce Rubber Group, which are also very famous. The front and rear wheels are 225/55 R18 in size. The front suspension is a McPherson type composed of coil springs, shock absorbers, and lower swing arms. The rear suspension is composed of a multi-link type composed of shock absorbers and shock absorbers.\nEnter the car, 2 + 3 imitation leather seats, the front seats support multi-directional electric adjustment and heating, and the rear seats also support 40:60 ratio reclining. The leather steering wheel and 13.2-inch central control screen are equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon 8155 chip, which supports GPS navigation, vehicle to everything, and facial recognition. And the car also supports L2's full-speed adaptive cruise, which is more convenient to drive at high speed.\nIn terms of power, it uses a 1.5T four-cylinder turbocharged engine with front drive. The engine model is BHE15-EFZ, with a maximum horsepower of 181Ps, a maximum power of 133kW, a maximum torque of 290N · m, and an acceleration of 0-100km/h of 7.9 seconds. The car uses No. 92 gasoline, and the comprehensive fuel consumption of WLTC 100 kilometers is 6.29L.\nThe handling of this Boyue COOL is excellent, the steering wheel grip, steering response, and starting speed are all good. Another point is that its sound insulation effect is also relatively good. The low-noise environment in the car is more comfortable when driving, and there is almost no external sound. So what do you think of this Boyue COOL compared to Changan CS75 PLUS? Feel free to leave a message in the comment area to discuss", "answer": "Main title: Choose the best partner of a domestic compact SUV - Geely Boyue COOL or Changan CS75 PLUS?\n\nSubtitle: Test Drive Geely Boyue COOL: Analysis of Dynamic Performance and Configuration and Comparison with Other Popular Models", "reason": "The model gave the correct answer to the question. The main and subheadings all reflected the name of the model, and the summary was in place. The sentence pattern, word count, etc. also met the requirements.\nSo there's no question of wrong answer.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nThe most interesting thing in these cars is the Ideal L9, for no other reason, because the Ideal L9 is the highest-selling high-end large SUV; and the newly launched version is actually a low-end version, and the purpose of the launch is nothing more than to lower the price threshold and further increase sales. Li Auto's \"ambition\" is not small. It seems that tens of thousands of vehicles can no longer satisfy its appetite. Is the Ideal L9 Pro version with a price 429,800 and an actual reduction of 30,000 yuan worth choosing?\nWhether it is worth it depends on the configuration. When the price comes down, the configuration will come down.\nDifferential configurations include:\nAssisted driving chip, Pro version with Horizon Journey 5 single chip, 128TOPS computing power\nMAX version (459,800 yuan), using dual NVIDIA (NVIDIA) Orin-X chips, total computing power 508TOPS\nHigh definition camera · 8 million pixels, Pro version 1, MAX version 6\nOrdinary camera · 2 million pixels, Pro version 9, MAX version 5\nFront-mounted millimeter wave radar, both 1\nUltrasonic radars, all 12\n128-line lidar, Pro version does not have it, MAX version 1.\nThe main difference of the ideal L9 Pro version is the hardware configuration of the intelligent driving system. The core difference is the overhead lidar in the red box, and the comfort configuration and power platform are exactly the same.\nSo what are the differences between these configurations?\nIn short, the ideal L9 Pro version only supports assisted driving in highway scenarios, while the more expensive MAX version supports full-scene assisted driving in urban sections and highways.\nThe difference is this, the rational suggestion option is the ideal L9 MAX, although the price is 30,000 yuan higher, but the hardware standard of the intelligent driving system is higher; do not underestimate the lidar, without this radar in the future, it cannot be upgraded to L3 level and higher standard assisted driving. Ultrasonic radar is of little significance, it is just an ordinary reversing radar. Although millimeter wave radar is not affected by visibility, it cannot complete 3D modeling. So if you particularly like assisted driving and intelligent technology configuration, L9 MAX is an irreplaceable option.\nOn the contrary, if you are more concerned about driving experience, space and comfort configuration, as well as the aura of large SUVs, it doesn't matter. It is not recommended to use assisted driving on general urban roads. After all, the road conditions are too complex, and it is enough for highways to use lane keeping and full-speed adaptive cruising normally.\nLooking at the drive platform again, the ideal L9 Pro is still driven by front and rear dual motors, a four-wheel drive vehicle, with a power reserve of 330kW/620N · m, capable of breaking 100 in 5.3 seconds; the pure electric mode cruising range is still 215 kilometers (CLTC operating conditions), and the range extender model has not changed. It is still a 1.5T four-cylinder engine.\nThe overall competitiveness remains strong, especially compared to the NIO ES8.\nI believe that after the launch of the ideal L9 Pro version, the monthly sales of the car can reach the standard of the total sales of the NIO brand; but it is not that the NIO ES8 is not good, but the price of this car is high. Although the ES8 is equipped with lidar as standard, the guide price is 49.8-59 8,000, and this car is a medium and large car, which is smaller than the ideal L9 body. At the same time, the starting standard of pure electric cruising range is only 465 kilometers, and the highest is only 605 kilometers. It is indeed a bit low. Based on the starting price and other domestic car analysis of the same price, the cruising range of the ES8 should be at least 700 kilometers.\nOtherwise, facing the ideal L9 with no range and charging anxiety, it is inevitable that it will lack competitiveness. It seems that the high-end SUV still depends on Li Auto to perform.", "answer": "1. Argument: The primary and secondary differences between the ideal L9 Pro version and the ideal L9 Max version are different. The former focuses on intelligent driving systems, while the latter focuses on intelligent driving and comfortable experience.\n2. Contrary point of view: Although the price is higher, the ideal L9 Pro version has a more comprehensive configuration, suitable for consumers who value smart driving systems and smart technologies.\n3. Example: Explain the differences between the Ideal L9 Pro Edition and the Ideal L9 Max Edition, as well as their respective advantages and disadvantages.", "reason": "The main subtitle needs to be generated, but the answer does not generate the main subtitle, and the generated content is irrelevant to the question.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"wrong answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nThe car has become a must-have means of transportation for most families. For friends with more family members, when choosing, they will take into account the 7-seat model with better ride comfort, so how to choose a 7-seat model with good cost performance? Today, we introduce Geely Haoyue L 2023 2.0TD DCT flagship model. The official guide price is 147,900, and the end point can be discounted 8,000. The following is an analysis of its appearance, interior, power and other aspects. Let's take a look at how it performs.\nIn terms of appearance, the car's mid-grid grille is still the classic design of Geely models that everyone is familiar with. The straight waterfall design and brand logo are hung in the center, which is very classic and highly recognizable. The LED headlight group design on both sides is relatively narrow and long, providing daytime running lights, adaptive far and near light, automatic headlights, headlight height adjustment, and headlight delay shutdown functions.\nComing to the side of the car, the length, width and height of the car body are 4860/1910/1770mm respectively, the wheelbase is 2825mm, and the positioning of the medium-sized SUV. From the data point of view, the body size is in the same class. The body looks relatively full, the line design is relatively smooth, the higher eyebrow design and the skirt are decorated with black trim, which increases the body fashion sense. The decorative design is also used around the window. It is hemmed with silver chrome strips, which forms a color matching design with the car color, which improves the body's delicate feeling. The outer rearview mirror supports electric adjustment and electric folding, providing heating/memory and automatic folding function of locking the car. The size of the front and rear tires is 235/50 R19, and the spare tire is placed in the bottom hanging design.\nComing to the car, the interior is decorated with desert brown, slightly luxurious, the design of the center console is more layered, and soft materials are used where it is within reach. The trend of air conditioning is decorated with a through design, and the three-spoke multi-function steering wheel is wrapped in leather, supporting up and down + front and rear adjustment. The size of the LCD instrument panel is 10.25 inches, and the size of the floating central control screen is 12.3 inches. It is equipped with Geely silver OS vehicle intelligence system. The display and function provide reversing images, 360 ° panoramic images, transparent images, GPS navigation system, Bluetooth/car phone, mobile phone interconnection mapping, vehicle to everything, OTA upgrade, automatic speech recognition control system and other functions.\nThe seats are designed with a 2 + 3 + 2 layout, wrapped in imitation leather, with soft filling, good ride comfort, and good wrapping and support. Functionally, the front seats all provide multi-directional electric adjustment and heating/ventilation functions. The second row of seats supports front and rear movement and backrest angle adjustment, and the rear seats all support a 50:50 ratio. In terms of space, the three seats in the second row are independently designed, and the ride comfort is very good even when the seat is full. The middle seat is reclined and equipped with a small table board. It is also very convenient when you need to work. The rear leg space is about 2 punches and a half. The third row of seats is also very comfortable to ride, and the leg space can be freely tilted.\nIn terms of power, the car is equipped with a 2.0T four-cylinder engine, with a maximum horsepower of 218Ps, a maximum power of 160kW, a maximum torque of 325N · m, and a fuel rating of 95 #. It adopts the direct injection fuel supply method in the cylinder, and the transmission is matched with a 7-speed wet dual-clutch gearbox. The official 100-mile acceleration time is 7.9 seconds, and the fuel consumption is 7.62L/100km under WLTC conditions.\nOverall, this car meets the requirements of consumers in both appearance and interior. The materials and configuration are relatively good, and the spatial performance is the highlight. It is cost-effective at this price point. It is good for both household and commercial use. What do you think of this car?", "answer": "Geely Haoyue L 2023 2.0TD DCT flagship, 7-seat mid-size SUV, priced 147,900", "reason": "The model provides relevant answers to the questions, generates a main title related to the content of the article, and does not contain any error messages.\nSo there's no question of wrong answer.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
