{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nInsert mixed Accord, castrate the trunk, and the sales volume in June did not exceed 10,000!\nCar show coffee 07-18 Follow\nHonda Accord, as a joint venture B-class car, has always had a very good market reputation and market sales in the domestic market with its good design, high product strength and comfortable driving experience.\nHowever, for such a hot-selling joint venture car, after this year's replacement, especially in the new energy era, Honda Accord's sales have also experienced a very serious decline.\n\nAccording to the data, in June 2023, Honda Accord's sales were 9,008 units, a year-on-year decrease of 57.58% and a month-on-month decrease of 22.06%. It is extremely rare for Accord to experience year-on-year and month-on-month declines at the same time.\nYou know, in April this year, Honda Accord's sales reached 25,590 units, while in May this year, although Accord's sales declined month-on-month, reaching 11,783 units, it was still able to achieve monthly sales of over 10,000 units.\nAfter the 11th generation Accord was launched on the market, it could be said that the Accord almost lost its previous competitive advantage in the full sales month of June this year. Because in June this year, the sales of the Toyota Camry, which was also a joint venture B-class car, had reached 24,036 units, while the sales of the Nissan Teana, although not as good as the Toyota Camry, also reached 11,123 units, which means that among the Japanese B-class cars, the Accord's sales have reached the bottom.\n\nOf course, in the automotive market, there are many cases of failed replacement models, such as Nissan's three-cylinder Qijun and Ford's Focus models. Whether it is a three-cylinder engine or a reduction in the distribution, the model will eventually fail. But in fact, the Honda Accord did not make serious mistakes, but there are many reasons, including the design, trunk and charging method, which are unacceptable to many consumers.\nThe 11th generation Accord plug-in hybrid model is equipped with a 2.0L naturally aspirated engine with a maximum power output of 109kW and a torque of 182N · m. The motor is a front layout, with a total power output of 135kW and a total torque of 335N · m. The battery is provided by Ningde Times, with an energy of 17.7kWh. Under WLTC conditions, the pure electric cruising range is 82km, and the comprehensive fuel consumption under feed state is 4.88L/100km.\nFrom the data analysis, whether it is fuel consumption or performance, in addition to the unsatisfactory battery life of the Accord, in other aspects, the Accord's comprehensive product strength is still quite good.\nHowever, when designing Accord products in the early stage, the plug-in hybrid model was not taken into account, so the new Accord plug-in hybrid version had no way to lay the battery tiled on the chassis of the vehicle, and could only find another space for the battery. Therefore, the space in the trunk was sacrificed, and the high bulge in the back row also affected the space in the back row, making Honda, known as the \"space master\", unable to start.\nIn addition, as a plug-in hybrid model, the Honda Accord is not equipped with a fast charging function, which means that if the plug-in hybrid version of the Accord is driven solely on electricity, it is difficult to solve the charging problem, and it cannot meet the needs of consumers for daily driving.\nWrite at the end of the article\nFrom the perspective of fuel vehicles, the new Accord does have a good comprehensive product strength, but as a plug-in hybrid model, the Accord is actually not outstanding in the new energy market, especially for consumers who consider comfort and have requirements for the trunk. Whether the Honda Accord plug-in hybrid version can meet their needs remains a question worth considering.", "answer": "Main title: Honda Accord plug-in version sales decline seriously, backup subtitle: challenges and opportunities in the new energy era\n\nMain title: Honda Accord plug-in version sales decline seriously, backup subtitle: challenges and opportunities in the new energy era", "reason": "The answer duplicate generates a main subtitle, and any redundant duplicates should be deleted.\nSo there is a problem of \"duplication\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nWhen almost everyone places the car purchase reference of high-end new forces in batches of new products, some of the earlier moderates have indeed been gradually marginalized, but this does not prevent them from ensuring the reliability of comprehensive vehicles through their own OTA functions and powerful basic software and hardware development. The \"old car\" we want to see here is NIO's second production car - NIO ES6. After many of its products have been imported into NT2.0 production, is it still worth considering?\nAlthough we call the current NIO ES6 an \"old car\", in fact it has only been on the market for four years. Even in the past few years, it has not been able to make any major breakthroughs in Visual Identity, but NIO's highly recognizable X-bar front face design will not have any incongruity even if it is placed in the new car pile that debuts in 2023. Even the two-tone body, irregular eyebrows and three-dimensional tail lights still have a high degree of visual leadership.\n\nIn terms of intelligence, whether it is a software system or a hardware sensing combination, NIO ES6 has a relatively large gap with NT2.0 products, especially in the intelligent driving chip, SuperVision, which cannot be fully implemented in the Chinese market, has made the Mobileye EyeQ4 chip with limited computing power a lagging product. But even so, NIO ES6 can still achieve a higher level of intelligent assisted driving capabilities through the standard NIO Pilot and the later refreshed Alder Alder Alder.\nOf course, without the purchase of the signed version and without any optional NIO Pilot package, the NIO ES6 has a set of hardware and a large number of active safety systems, but it can only achieve fixed-speed cruise, even if there is a 540-degree panoramic image but no reversing blind spot warning, which will make the 386,000 yuan It looks a little embarrassing. After getting the NIO Pilot full package, the vehicle can complete the full automatic parking, high-speed automatic assisted driving, NOP automatic assisted navigation driving and other high-level functions.\nUnlike the ES8 or other NT2.0 products, the vehicle still has a large number of optional configurations in order to control costs and open up the differences with other models. Not to mention the interior package related to NAPPA leather, it is what front ventilation/massage, rear heating, and even 12 speakers, external rearview mirror anti-glare, etc., have to pay extra, even if it is on the signature version of the top, the passenger leg rest is still the configuration in the so-called Queen's passenger seat package, which does not affect the luxury level. Leaving aside, this paid item is not much less than the BBA.\nOf course, from the perspective of a minimum sports version, the NIO ES6 ranges from central control design, cockpit decoration to seat comfort, and then to the intelligent interconnection system led by 11.3-inch touch screen + NOMI intelligent interactive robot. The level of intelligence it presents is still much higher than that of the same level of BBA, plus the standard leather electric steering wheel, induction tailgate, panoramic canopy, and front sound insulation + rear privacy glass. The luxury of the cockpit environment can still kill a large wave of new cars in the high-end market.\nIn the final analysis, the new force's main focus is still electrification, and what it has to fight for in the consumer market is still the core three electricity. The NIO ES6, as a relatively early product, has indeed exposed some inadequacies. The entire vehicle series has completed the coverage of dual-motor four-wheel drive, and the 75kWh low-end model has also entered the market with a maximum power of 320kW and a maximum torque of 610N · m. The zero-hundred acceleration performance of 5.6 seconds is not inferior in the sports car pile. However, its battery optimization is not good, and the 455km NEDC pure electric battery life makes it seem out of place in the mainstream market. Although the vehicle also provides a 100kWh option to bring 600km of battery life, the brand of \"poor battery life\" has been marked, and the threshold for 100kWh low car distribution is as high as 444,000 yuan, which does make it encounter some \"congenital shortcomings\" embarrassment, which is why NIO needs to change the power more than anyone else.\nOf course, the vehicle has the ability to go further in terms of efficiency, except for low-end models, the rest of the models can achieve 4.7 seconds through 400kW, 725N · m high-performance version of the dual motor, while the corresponding battery life has been optimized to 465km, 610km, although the optimization range is small, it is better than nothing.\nIn terms of battery life, the NIO ES6 may not be satisfactory, but it is still worth looking forward to when it enters the dynamic link. The chassis not only has a luxury combination of double arms + multiple links, but also the low-end model will have variable suspension, and the medium-high model will have upgraded air suspension. It may be said that the handling of the SUV will not be optimized to be more outstanding, but stability and comfort will indeed become a highlight in the same level of new power models.\nWrite at the end\nIt can be seen that although the NIO ES6 is relatively \"old\" in NIO and even the entire high-end new power lineup, such old qualifications do not prevent it from obtaining a leading intelligence system in the market through constantly updated software. Moreover, even if NIO does not update its core hardware, its own performance level and battery stability can still gain certain advantages at present. Unfortunately, with a large number of competitors entering the market with 500km + battery life, the upper limit has exceeded 600km, or even the 700km mark, its 75kWh version still seems a little weak, which may be the biggest problem restricting it from further in the market. If you are dissatisfied with the current model, you might as well wait for the 2023 model, which will debut on May 24. The new car will be based on NT2.0, which will enable the NIO ES6 to enter the core mainstream market again.", "answer": "Main title: NIO ES6: Can I still eat?\n\nSubtitle: In-depth evaluation of NIO ES6 to explore its competitiveness and value in the market", "reason": "The results are well organized and there are no duplicates.\nSo there is no question of \"repetition\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nA few days ago, the 2024 Volvo V60 was officially launched. The new car launched 4 models to choose from, and the price range is 304,300-395,800 yuan. This time, the new car is mainly adjusted in configuration, and some models have also upgraded the new version of Pilot Assist driver assistance system.\nIn terms of appearance, the new car has not changed much. It is still a family-style design, while the exclusive body lines of the station wagon are still elegant and charming.\nIn terms of interior design, the new car has also undergone little change, mainly due to the upgraded configuration, such as the B4 Zhiyi Deluxe Edition, which has added mobile app remote control and Autonavi navigation; the B5 Zhiya Sports Edition has upgraded the City Safety driver assistance system to Pilot Assist system.\nIn terms of power, the new car continues to be equipped with a light hybrid system composed of a 2.0T engine and a 48V motor, and is divided into low power and high power. The former has a maximum power of 197 horsepower, and the latter has a maximum power of 250 horsepower, both of which are matched with an 8-speed automatic transmission.", "answer": "Main title: What are the highlights of the 2024 Volvo V60?\nSubtitle: 2024 Volvo V60 configuration upgrade, equipped with 2.0T engine and 48V motor, the price range is 304,300 - 395,800 yuan, and equipped with 2.0T engine and 48V motor", "reason": "The subtitle in the answer repeated that the power configuration \"with 2.0T engine and 48V motor\" should be deleted and one of them can be kept.\nSo there is a problem of \"duplication\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nInsert mixed Accord, castrate the trunk, and the sales volume in June did not exceed 10,000!\nCar show coffee 07-18 Follow\nHonda Accord, as a joint venture B-class car, has always had a very good market reputation and market sales in the domestic market with its good design, high product strength and comfortable driving experience.\nHowever, for such a hot-selling joint venture car, after this year's replacement, especially in the new energy era, Honda Accord's sales have also experienced a very serious decline.\n\nAccording to the data, in June 2023, Honda Accord's sales were 9,008 units, a year-on-year decrease of 57.58% and a month-on-month decrease of 22.06%. It is extremely rare for Accord to experience year-on-year and month-on-month declines at the same time.\nYou know, in April this year, Honda Accord's sales reached 25,590 units, while in May this year, although Accord's sales declined month-on-month, reaching 11,783 units, it was still able to achieve monthly sales of over 10,000 units.\nAfter the 11th generation Accord was launched on the market, it could be said that the Accord almost lost its previous competitive advantage in the full sales month of June this year. Because in June this year, the sales of the Toyota Camry, which was also a joint venture B-class car, had reached 24,036 units, while the sales of the Nissan Teana, although not as good as the Toyota Camry, also reached 11,123 units, which means that among the Japanese B-class cars, the Accord's sales have reached the bottom.\n\nOf course, in the automotive market, there are many cases of failed replacement models, such as Nissan's three-cylinder Qijun and Ford's Focus models. Whether it is a three-cylinder engine or a reduction in the distribution, the model will eventually fail. But in fact, the Honda Accord did not make serious mistakes, but there are many reasons, including the design, trunk and charging method, which are unacceptable to many consumers.\nThe 11th generation Accord plug-in hybrid model is equipped with a 2.0L naturally aspirated engine with a maximum power output of 109kW and a torque of 182N · m. The motor is a front layout, with a total power output of 135kW and a total torque of 335N · m. The battery is provided by Ningde Times, with an energy of 17.7kWh. Under WLTC conditions, the pure electric cruising range is 82km, and the comprehensive fuel consumption under feed state is 4.88L/100km.\nFrom the data analysis, whether it is fuel consumption or performance, in addition to the unsatisfactory battery life of the Accord, in other aspects, the Accord's comprehensive product strength is still quite good.\nHowever, when designing Accord products in the early stage, the plug-in hybrid model was not taken into account, so the new Accord plug-in hybrid version had no way to lay the battery tiled on the chassis of the vehicle, and could only find another space for the battery. Therefore, the space in the trunk was sacrificed, and the high bulge in the back row also affected the space in the back row, making Honda, known as the \"space master\", unable to start.\nIn addition, as a plug-in hybrid model, the Honda Accord is not equipped with a fast charging function, which means that if the plug-in hybrid version of the Accord is driven solely on electricity, it is difficult to solve the charging problem, and it cannot meet the needs of consumers for daily driving.\nWrite at the end of the article\nFrom the perspective of fuel vehicles, the new Accord does have a good comprehensive product strength, but as a plug-in hybrid model, the Accord is actually not outstanding in the new energy market, especially for consumers who consider comfort and have requirements for the trunk. Whether the Honda Accord plug-in hybrid version can meet their needs remains a question worth considering.", "answer": "Insert mixed Accord, castrate the trunk, sales in June did not exceed 10,000! Why was it abandoned by consumers?\n\n[BOS] assistant\nInsert mixed Accord, castrate the trunk, sales in June did not exceed 10,000! Why was it abandoned by consumers?", "reason": "The answer repeatedly generates the main title and lacks subheadings.\nSo there is a problem of \"duplication\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nThe car has become a must-have means of transportation for most families. For friends with more family members, when choosing, they will take into account the 7-seat model with better ride comfort, so how to choose a 7-seat model with good cost performance? Today, we introduce Geely Haoyue L 2023 2.0TD DCT flagship model. The official guide price is 147,900, and the end point can be discounted 8,000. The following is an analysis of its appearance, interior, power and other aspects. Let's take a look at how it performs.\nIn terms of appearance, the car's mid-grid grille is still the classic design of Geely models that everyone is familiar with. The straight waterfall design and brand logo are hung in the center, which is very classic and highly recognizable. The LED headlight group design on both sides is relatively narrow and long, providing daytime running lights, adaptive far and near light, automatic headlights, headlight height adjustment, and headlight delay shutdown functions.\nComing to the side of the car, the length, width and height of the car body are 4860/1910/1770mm respectively, the wheelbase is 2825mm, and the positioning of the medium-sized SUV. From the data point of view, the body size is in the same class. The body looks relatively full, the line design is relatively smooth, the higher eyebrow design and the skirt are decorated with black trim, which increases the body fashion sense. The decorative design is also used around the window. It is hemmed with silver chrome strips, which forms a color matching design with the car color, which improves the body's delicate feeling. The outer rearview mirror supports electric adjustment and electric folding, providing heating/memory and automatic folding function of locking the car. The size of the front and rear tires is 235/50 R19, and the spare tire is placed in the bottom hanging design.\nComing to the car, the interior is decorated with desert brown, slightly luxurious, the design of the center console is more layered, and soft materials are used where it is within reach. The trend of air conditioning is decorated with a through design, and the three-spoke multi-function steering wheel is wrapped in leather, supporting up and down + front and rear adjustment. The size of the LCD instrument panel is 10.25 inches, and the size of the floating central control screen is 12.3 inches. It is equipped with Geely silver OS vehicle intelligence system. The display and function provide reversing images, 360 ° panoramic images, transparent images, GPS navigation system, Bluetooth/car phone, mobile phone interconnection mapping, vehicle to everything, OTA upgrade, automatic speech recognition control system and other functions.\nThe seats are designed with a 2 + 3 + 2 layout, wrapped in imitation leather, with soft filling, good ride comfort, and good wrapping and support. Functionally, the front seats all provide multi-directional electric adjustment and heating/ventilation functions. The second row of seats supports front and rear movement and backrest angle adjustment, and the rear seats all support a 50:50 ratio. In terms of space, the three seats in the second row are independently designed, and the ride comfort is very good even when the seat is full. The middle seat is reclined and equipped with a small table board. It is also very convenient when you need to work. The rear leg space is about 2 punches and a half. The third row of seats is also very comfortable to ride, and the leg space can be freely tilted.\nIn terms of power, the car is equipped with a 2.0T four-cylinder engine, with a maximum horsepower of 218Ps, a maximum power of 160kW, a maximum torque of 325N · m, and a fuel rating of 95 #. It adopts the direct injection fuel supply method in the cylinder, and the transmission is matched with a 7-speed wet dual-clutch gearbox. The official 100-mile acceleration time is 7.9 seconds, and the fuel consumption is 7.62L/100km under WLTC conditions.\nOverall, this car meets the requirements of consumers in both appearance and interior. The materials and configuration are relatively good, and the spatial performance is the highlight. It is cost-effective at this price point. It is good for both household and commercial use. What do you think of this car?", "answer": "Generation requirements: 1. The main title and subtitle need to be independent into a sentence, and both need to refine and summarize the content. 2. The main title is the main question, and the subtitle mainly talks about the power configuration, main and auxiliary seats, configuration and other aspects of the vehicle. 3. The copywriting style is objective statement, avoid the use of exaggerated words. 4. Quotation format: [from x 10,000 yuan]", "reason": "The requirements were repeated in the results, but the content was well organized, and there was no duplication in the answer itself.\nSo there is no question of \"repetition\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
