{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nMG MG7 is no stranger to everyone, the new car has been on the market for a period of time, the price range is 119,800 yuan - 169,800 yuan, the overall design of the same level of models belong to the high value, the new car is the main sports style, equipped with a coupe type unique frameless door and hatchback trunk, power to provide 1.5T and 2.0T two versions, it is said that the competing model is Honda Civic, etc., so what is the strength of MG M7? Let's find out together.\nFirst of all, the power of the new car is very advantageous in this level. Models at the same price generally use a 1.5T engine. MG MG7 offers 1.5T and 2.0T versions. The maximum power of the 1.5T engine reaches 138 kW, the maximum torque is 300 Nm, and it is matched with a 7-speed dual-clutch gearbox. This is already very advantageous in the same level. The maximum power of the 2.0T engine is 192 kW, the maximum torque is 405 Nm, and it is matched with a 9-speed automatic gearbox. Therefore, MG MG7 is better in terms of power than the Civic.\n\nIn terms of appearance, the MG MG7 adopts the style of a coupe, with a very aggressive front face design. It uses a large mouth air intake grille, with a horizontal lattice shape inside. The interior of the headlight groups on both sides is a segmented shape, with vertical air intakes on both sides. The side shape is gentle, and a large slip-back design is adopted. The waist line shape is unique, and the large-size multi-format wheel hub shape is fashionable. The new car is equipped with frameless doors, which are more sporty and fashionable.\n\nIn terms of size, the length, width and height of the new car are 4884/1889/1447 mm respectively, and the wheelbase is 2778 mm. The positioning of the medium-sized car features a through-type taillight at the rear, and the size of the lamp groups on both sides is very large, echoing the headlights. It is also equipped with a three-stage electric tail wing. The lower enclosure size is also very large. The exhaust adopts a bilateral four-out layout, which is very sporty. It is also equipped with a hatchback rear trunk, which has a larger opening and is more convenient to use.\n\nThe interior of the new car is a simple style, equipped with a full LCD instrument and a central control screen composed of a suspended double screen, three-frame multi-function steering wheel with upper and lower flat bottom design, the middle bottom only retains the air-conditioning trend, electronic shift lever stylish shape, the shift area is relatively simple, the right side of the two cup holders, the entire interior also uses a large number of leather wraps, with chrome trim decoration, the whole texture is also very good.\n\nThe front seat adopts an integrated sports seat, wrapping and softness are very good, configuration, the new car standard tire pressure display, reversing image, cruise, automatic speech recognition, LED headlights, etc., high-end models equipped with active safety warning system, active braking, lane keeping assistance system, L2 level auxiliary driving, 360 panoramic image, remote start, mobile phone wireless charging, front seat electric adjustment, front seat heating, electric rear tailgate, panoramic sunroof and so on.\n\nsummary\nTherefore, on the whole, the advantages of MG MG7 lie in its power and appearance. Compared with Honda Civic, its brand influence is not high, and its later market performance remains to be verified. However, at the same price, there are competing models such as Geely Xingrui and Lynk 03. From the perspective of model sales, Geely Xingrui and other models are relatively stable. The pressure on MG MG7 is still very high. So if it were you, would you choose it?", "answer": "For this newly launched luxury car, the MG MG7, its sporty exterior design and performance are excellent. As a high-value and high-performance mid-size sedan, its competitiveness in the market cannot be underestimated. Both the exterior design and its powerful engine technology make it one of the most attractive choices. Especially the streamlined body lines and frameless window design are even more eye-catching! In addition, it also has excellent handling ability and excellent performance characteristics, as well as many user-friendly comfort features, which also make this car more eye-catching and desirable!", "reason": "There is no main subtitle in the answer, but an article is generated without the main body of content.\nSo there is no question of \"inaccurate content subject\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nIn terms of appearance, the new car still continues the design concept of the second-generation UNI-T front-facing model. The new car's middle net is designed with a matrix-style outward expansion without borders. The internal pattern is L-shaped, and the barbed headlights make it look very fashionable. The side mirrors and the body color are designed in two colors, and the two lines of the body are swooping from the end to the head. The car will also offer a sports version. The sports version's decorative accessories are more eye-catching than the ordinary version, providing not only matte lacquered paint, but also orange decorative strips around the bottom of the body and equipped with orange brake calipers.\nIn terms of interior, the new car adopts a new wraparound interior, the steering wheel adopts a flat bottom style, the new steering wheel heating function can be turned on remotely by mobile phone, and the dual screen has also been upgraded. Colleagues are also equipped with an integrated sports seat, a floating space battleship shift lever, and a 0.79-square-meter large panoramic canopy will continue to be carried on the second-generation UNI-T. The car system is equipped with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8155 chip and adopts a new UI design. In addition, it is also equipped with Changan's new domain control platform CIIA1.0 + for the first time, which can realize OTA upgrade after power off, and has intelligent power management automatic warning. Vehicle diagnosis supports fault self-diagnosis and remote diagnosis.\nIn terms of power, the new car will continue to be equipped with Blue Whale's new generation NE1.5T high-pressure direct injection engine, with a maximum power of 138KW and a maximum torque of up to 300Nm at 1600rpm. The transmission part will continue to be equipped with Blue Whale's 7-speed wet dual-clutch transmission.", "answer": "Main title: The second-generation UNI-T is newly launched. What are the highlights?\nSubtitle: Fashion appearance, interior upgrade, equipped with a new domain control platform CIIA1.0 +, the second generation of UNI-T is newly launched!\n\nAnalysis: This text mainly introduces the highlights of the second generation UNI-T in terms of appearance, interior and power. Therefore, the main title and subtitle should be focused on these content.", "reason": "The parsing part of the last paragraph is redundant and should be deleted\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"inaccurate content subject\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nA few days ago, (a car APP) took a picture of the Chevrolet Xingmai Luo Mountain Wild Star Riding real car in advance during the 2023 Chengdu Auto Show exploration process. The car can be regarded as the original modified version of Xingmai Luo, which is mainly upgraded in appearance and expansion equipment for outdoor use.\nThe Star Mailo Mountain Wild Star Ride is developed based on the Star Mailo RS series high-end model, and upgraded with green bee green paint, widened black wheel eyebrows and all-terrain tires. At the same time, the Star Mailo Mountain Wild Star Ride is equipped with a storage platform, a bicycle frame and 4 spotlights that can be turned on remotely, so it is different from the original Star Mailo RS in functionality and visual effect.\nIn addition to the appearance adjustment, the Xingmaro Mountain Wild Star Ride has been adjusted in terms of interior materials, which is reflected in the use of Nappa leather wraps in areas such as seats, door panels, steering wheel and shift lever. Other configuration levels are basically the same as the original Xingmaro RS. It is expected that the car's power system will continue to be equipped with a 1.5T engine, and the transmission system matches the CVT continuously variable transmission.", "answer": "Star Mailuo Mountain Wild Star Rider: Appearance Upgraded, Performance More Outstanding", "reason": "The answer contained only the main title, missing subheadings, but no other redundant irrelevant content.\nSo there is no question of \"inaccurate content subject\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nBriefly talking about the exterior interior design, after all, it can also affect people's desire to buy, and good-looking things can always bring people a good mood. Among the three cars, Model 3 was born the earliest, and the design has never changed. The front-less style is almost the first to be applied to trams, which has triggered a lot of trams to learn from. There are almost no extra lines on the side, the overall shape is full, simple and durable, and there is still no outdated feeling today.\nThe NIO ET5 is a replica of the ET7, which is full of family colors and highly recognizable. The split-type headlight group and the back-mounted rear design are very dynamic and fashionable, making it a favorite among young people.\nThe Xiaopeng P7i was once considered the best-looking of all Xiaopeng models. Today, after the G9 and G6 came out, the revamped P7i still has the best appearance, and the coupe posture and the iconic through-ring light group are very beautiful.\nAt least none of these three cars is out of shape. Everyone has his own tastes, not their shortcomings.\nThe interior style is also very tram-like, that is, the screen is large, and the physical buttons are few. Model 3 center console is dominated by horizontal lines, and the design of the instrument screen has been complained about. Only the 15-inch floating center control screen is retained, and the speed and navigation have to pass through this screen.\nThe NIO ET5 is also a bit similar to the Model 3, especially the 12.8-inch screen in the car, but it at least retains the LCD instrument screen and comes standard with the NOMI intelligent voice assistant. The car is made of Clean + polymeric materials, which are more environmentally friendly and skin-friendly.\nXiaopeng P7i is not the same as the above two models. It uses a \"dual screen\", 10.25 inches + 14.96 inches, built-in Qualcomm Snapdragon 8155 chip and Xmart OS 4.0 car system, as well as a full-scene voice 2.0 system. It can be said that the fluency and voice interaction accuracy of the car and machine are almost the strongest.\nSpace is enough, there is still potential\nThese three cars can be regarded as B-class cars, but in fact the Model 3 is only 4 meters 6, and the size is relatively compact. Looking at the comparison of measurements and wheelbase, the Xiaopeng P7i is more than 4 meters 8, which is the most standard, and the size is relatively generous. The NIO ET5 is second, and the Model 3 is third in the row. The rear row is slightly smaller. But in fact, even the rear row of the Xiaopeng P7i is not generous, which is a pain point of this car.\nDue to the design of the back-mounted roof, the rear row of the Model 3 and NIO ET5 is relatively cramped, so a large sunroof is done, but unfortunately it is a very hot summer sun exposure experience. Due to the battery layout of the NIO ET5, the floor feels higher in the front and rear rows, and the experience is not very good. Xiaopeng compressed the battery pack to a thickness of 110mm, squeezing the vertical space of the cockpit as little as possible, and the head space was slightly better, but not much.\nThe differences in technology configuration are obvious, and Tesla is lagging behind\nAfter looking at the comparison of joint ventures, imported cars and domestic cars, it is easy to know that the domestic configuration is high, and this conclusion is also true in these three cars. Model 3 is not as good as the other two, the only problem is, Xiaopeng P7i and NIO ET5 whose technology configuration is richer. One of the highlights of these two cars is that they are equipped with lidar, NIO standard, and Xiaopeng high-end only, we might as well look for a version with lidar for comparison, Model 3P version (331,900), Xiaopeng P7i 610 Max performance version (289,900) and NIO ET5 75 kWh electric version (328,000).\nIn terms of hardware, the Xiaopeng P7i has the most sensing hardware. In addition to the conventional millimeter wave radar, there are also two lidars and 31 sensing hardware, which makes its XNGP auxiliary driving system very intelligent and easy to use, just like a real driver. But it needs the area covered by the high-precision map, otherwise it can only be downgraded to the LCC lane centering auxiliary feature.\nThe NIO ET5's lidar is one less than that of the Xiaopeng P7i, with only one, but the entire system is well-balanced as standard. It is equipped with 33 sensing hardware and 19 driving assistance functions as standard, capable of performing NOP intelligent driving assistance functions in scenarios such as high-speed, urban areas, parking, and power exchange.\nTesla emphasizes visual perception and cost control. Model 3 has less auxiliary driving configuration, and there is definitely no lidar. Even to the 300,000 level, there is no steep slope descent, only standard automatic assisted steering, pre-collision, active cruise control, lane departure warning and other basic L2 driving auxiliary features. The EAP function needs to be 32,000 optional, and the FSD needs to be 64,000, but the opening time is unknown.\nRelatively speaking, the driving assistance of Xiaopeng and NIO has higher hardware, and there is also a large redundancy in computing power. The overall intelligent driving level is relatively high, and the localization is well done, which can cover most of the car scenarios. Tesla is a little bit out of place.\nThe power is very violent, the entry version is enough\nThe tram owners' favorite words might be \"technology equality\" and \"horsepower equality\", because any electric car could give two or three hundred horsepower, and the zero-hundred-four-second class was not uncommon, easily crushing fuel vehicles. Among the three cars, the actual performance of the most powerful should be the Model 3P version, which would break 100 in 3.3 seconds. For most people, this was excess performance, and there was no need to spend more money to buy too powerful power. In fact, these three cars were enough to buy entry-level power, and the more important thing was to choose electricity\nIt can be seen that the price of the main version of Model 3 and Xiaopeng P7i falls in the 23-240,000 range, while the NIO ET5 has gone to nearly 300,000, because it is all four-wheel drive, there is no two-wheel drive version, the battery is not small, and the technology configuration is high, making the overall price rise, ordinary people buy a little pressure, which may be part of the reason why its monthly sales are the least among the three, falling to more than 2,000 vehicles.", "answer": "Here are the relevant requirements mentioned in the tweets for the three car series:\nThe main title can be \"high-value and powerful\" (17 words), and the subtitle is a detailed description of the model (such as the supplement of power parameters) (\"simple and not simple\") (50 words), in order to attract the reader's attention and maintain a professional attitude.", "reason": "In the answer, \" (17 words) \", \" (such as the supplement of dynamic parameters )”、“ (\" simple and not simple\") \",\" (50 words), \",\" to attract the reader's attention and maintain a professional attitude to describe. \"Redundant content that is not required in the directive should be deleted\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"inaccurate content subject\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nAt present, the competition in the domestic automobile market is getting bigger and bigger, and the compact SUV basically occupies most of the sales models. If you want to buy a domestic compact model with high cost performance, which one is stronger and weaker? Today, this Geely Boyue COOL may be able to meet your requirements. It is priced 102,800, which has not been long, and the price is reduced by 8000 yuan. Can it pry the status of Changan CS75 PLUS? Look down.\nIn the exterior part, the front of the car is designed with an angular grille, with a horizontal air inlet below. The middle net that almost fills the front of the car is connected to the through headlights. The headlights have practical functions such as adaptive far and near light, delayed headlight closing, and automatic headlights. The diversion groove cleverly forms a vertical triangle shape with the bumper.\nOn the side, the suspended roof is equipped with blackened door posts, and under the body is black hemming. The rearview mirror is also blackened, and supports more practical functions such as electric folding and memory. The car is positioned as a compact SUV, and the wheelbase of the body with a length of 4510mm, a width of 1865mm, a height of 1650mm, and a height of 2701mm indicates that the ride space is spacious.\nThe wheels are made of Chaoyang tires from Zhongce Rubber Group, which are also very famous. The front and rear wheels are 225/55 R18 in size. The front suspension is a McPherson type composed of coil springs, shock absorbers, and lower swing arms. The rear suspension is composed of a multi-link type composed of shock absorbers and shock absorbers.\nEnter the car, 2 + 3 imitation leather seats, the front seats support multi-directional electric adjustment and heating, and the rear seats also support 40:60 ratio reclining. The leather steering wheel and 13.2-inch central control screen are equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon 8155 chip, which supports GPS navigation, vehicle to everything, and facial recognition. And the car also supports L2's full-speed adaptive cruise, which is more convenient to drive at high speed.\nIn terms of power, it uses a 1.5T four-cylinder turbocharged engine with front drive. The engine model is BHE15-EFZ, with a maximum horsepower of 181Ps, a maximum power of 133kW, a maximum torque of 290N · m, and an acceleration of 0-100km/h of 7.9 seconds. The car uses No. 92 gasoline, and the comprehensive fuel consumption of WLTC 100 kilometers is 6.29L.\nThe handling of this Boyue COOL is excellent, the steering wheel grip, steering response, and starting speed are all good. Another point is that its sound insulation effect is also relatively good. The low-noise environment in the car is more comfortable when driving, and there is almost no external sound. So what do you think of this Boyue COOL compared to Changan CS75 PLUS? Feel free to leave a message in the comment area to discuss", "answer": "Main title: Choose the best partner of a domestic compact SUV - Geely Boyue COOL or Changan CS75 PLUS?\n\nSubtitle: Test Drive Geely Boyue COOL: Analysis of Dynamic Performance and Configuration and Comparison with Other Popular Models", "reason": "The results are clearly stated and the main body is clear. There are only main and subheadings in the answer, no redundancy.\nSo there is no question of \"inaccurate content subject\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
