{"instruction": "Reference information: What is a particle trap? A particle trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine. It can capture particulate emissions before they enter the atmosphere to purify the exhaust. The diesel engine particle trap is called DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter), and the gasoline engine particle trap is called GPF (Gasoline Particulate Filter). In short, it is to wear a \"mask\" on our car to prevent saliva bacteria from being sprayed directly when we speak, reducing pollution to the atmosphere. The structure of the particle trap Why install a particle trap? The four harmful substances contained in the exhaust of the car are: nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, non-methylalkane and fine particulate matter. The first three gases can reduce pollutant emissions through a three-way catalytic device, while fine particulate matter needs to be solved by particle traps. In 19 years, in order to cope with the new national six standards for 20 years, car companies switched a large number of particle traps from diesel vehicles to gasoline vehicles, in order to enable their vehicles to meet the national six emission standards. Now, in July 2023, the implementation of more stringent national six B, in the current situation of high research and development costs and the trend of new energy, manufacturers are inevitably unwilling to invest a lot of money in internal combustion engines, so relatively cheap particle traps have become their choice. Types of particle traps What impact does particle traps have on us? For us, wearing a mask usually makes us feel bad about breathing, and the same is true for vehicles: adding such a large filter to the exhaust pipe will lead to extremely low exhaust gas circulation efficiency, so the exhaust gas generated by the vehicle engine during operation cannot be discharged smoothly. It generates a lot of exhaust back pressure on the engine of the vehicle, so that the power of the vehicle in the country 6b decreases. When the exhaust of the car is equipped with a particle trap to affect the power, the pressure of the engine will also increase; therefore, there will be a certain increase in fuel consumption. In addition, the replacement cost of the particle trap in the later stage is also a considerable expense, although the particle trap can now convert particles into gas by regeneration. But the failure rate is still very high, and there will always be a replacement day. If the three-year free warranty period has passed, the owner of the National 6B will be prepared to spend thousands of dollars to replace the particle trap. How to buy a car at this stage? First of all, there are many models that comply with the National 6A and do not have a particle trap. You can see if your favorite model has a particle trap. Secondly, when purchasing a vehicle, you can choose an energy vehicle or a hybrid model. This part of the model either does not require a particle trap or emits less particulate matter. Finally, if there is no escape, choose a particle trap closer to the engine, which can also reduce the blockage of the particle trap. What should we do if we have already bought a car with a particle trap? 1. Use low-ash oil. During the regeneration process of the particle trap, a lot of ash cannot be burned. After the ash generated by the combustion of the oil enters the particle trap, it is difficult to burn and regenerate. Using high-ash oil for a long time will accelerate the blockage of the particle trap. At this time, the particle trap must be removed and cleaned to increase maintenance costs. Turn on the high speed 2. Add high-quality fuel. The content of sulfur, phosphorus and impurities in the high-quality fuel is less to prevent the particle trap from clogging. 3. Learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. It is very important to learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. Increase the speed of the vehicle to more than 80km/h, release the throttle and let the vehicle slide for a while. At this time, the engine does not inject fuel, and oxygen does not participate in combustion. It directly enters the particle trap, increases the oxygen supply of the particle trap, increases the temperature of the particle trap, and burns off the tiny solid emissions of the particle trap. After several repetitions, the particle trap is successfully regenerated.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What is a particle trap?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The particulate trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine that captures and converts tiny particulate matter for the purpose of purifying the air.", "reason": "Answer results, rich in content, with more incremental information\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: At present, there are more and more new energy models on the market. Among them, new energy models include phev, hev, and pure electricity. What is the difference between them? How to choose when we buy new energy models? Then, the editor will take you to popular science~ PHEV is a new type of hybrid electric vehicle. It also has an internal combustion engine and a generator. The main power source is the internal combustion engine, which is powered by the motor-assisted drive mode. Moreover, the battery capacity of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles is larger than that of oil mixing and can be charged externally, so it can be driven in pure electric mode. HEV is a hybrid model of gasoline and electricity. It is to install an electric drive system under the condition that the original traditional automobile engine drive system remains unchanged, and carry out hybrid drive, which reduces the demand for fossil fuels and improves fuel economy, so as to achieve the effect of energy saving, emission reduction and mitigating the greenhouse effect. EV is the abbreviation of Electric Vehicle, which stands for pure electric vehicle. It has no fuel engine and drives the vehicle through the drive battery and electric motor. Phev can hang the green plate, while hev can only hang the license plate of the fuel vehicle. At present, the hybrid model that can get the green plate in our country's automobile market is a plug-in hybrid vehicle, that is, PHEV. In general, the difference between HEV and PHEV is generally in the form of charging. The HEV converts part of the kinetic energy into electricity through the generator after the engine works, and then charges the power battery. The PHEV can not only rely on the engine to work and charge, but also can charge the power battery with an external power supply. Recently, Lynk & Co launched the 2022 Lynk & Co 01-EMF hybrid version. As the world's first SUV model equipped with Lynk E-Motive intelligent electric hybrid technology. The power of the new car comes from the Raytheon intelligent hybrid technology platform, and its strength should not be underestimated. Lynk & Co Intelligent Electric Hybrid provides 3 hot topic effect, high-performance hybrid engines, 2 high-power rear drive motors, and 2 high-efficiency hybrid transmissions. There are also a variety of high-performance power batteries of different specifications and EM-F (HEV) and EM-P (PHEV) power forms. At the same time, EM-P can realize two-wheel drive/four-wheel drive. Standard/long battery life/super long battery life and other different product types. In terms of fuel consumption, Lynk & Co's intelligent electric hybrid system further creates a lower fuel consumption record. EM-F models equipped with Lynk & Co's intelligent electric hybrid technology have a fuel consumption of as low as 4.5 liters per 100 kilometers of WLTC, and a fuel saving rate of as high as 40% EM-P models have a fuel consumption of as low as 5.1L. Behind the continuous improvement of thermal efficiency and fuel economy, Lynk & Co's intelligent electric hybrid is also uncompromising in performance. In models equipped with three-speed hybrid electric drive DHT Pro, it can eject and start, and it can start 0.5 seconds faster. At the same time, when accelerating overtaking in the high-speed scene of 80-120km per hour, the system will actively downshift and overtake cleanly. Lynk & Co 01 EM-F starts from the youngest 700,000 user request in the automotive circle and opens up its own new dimension for more young users. Whether it is daily work or occasional light off-road can be properly satisfied.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: the difference between hev and phev\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The difference between a HEV and a PHEV is mainly in the form of charging. A HEV converts part of the kinetic energy into electricity through the generator after the engine works, and then charges the power battery, while a PHEV can not only rely on the engine to work and charge, but also charge the power battery from an external power supply. At the same time, a PHEV can hang a green plate, while a HEV can only hang the license plate of a fuel-powered car.", "reason": "The answer is that the difference between HEV and PHEV is mainly in the form of charging, and the detailed description of the charging working principle is different, and the two listing is also different at the end. The detailed description of the charging working principle and the different listing are provided.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What are the model specifications of Nissan Qashqai tires?\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) What are the tire model specifications?\nBest Answer\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies) There are two tire models: 215/55R18 and 225/45R19. The first number 215 represents the tire width is 215MM, 55 means the flat ratio of the tire section is 55%, that is, the section height is 55% of the width, the letter R represents the radial tire, and 15 represents the rim diameter is 15 inches. The maximum speed of Nissan Qashqai is 186km/h, and the fuel consumption of 100 kilometers is 6.2L. In addition to the model, the following commonly used data are also marked on the tire: Carcass Cord Material: expressed in Chinese (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies), such as M-cotton cord, R-rayon cord, N-nylon cord, G-steel cord, ZG-steel radial cord tire. Speed class: Indicates the maximum speed at which the tire can carry the specified load under specified conditions. Letters A to Z represent the certified speed class of the tire from 4.8km/h to 300km/h. Commonly used speed classes are: Q: 160km/h; H: 210km/h; V: 240km/h; W: 270km/h; Y: 300km/h; Rim specification: Indicates the rim specification that matches the tire. Easy to use in practice, such as standard rim 5.00F.\nQashqai uses Bridgestone Tairan series tires, with a specification of 215/55 R18. There are almost no differences in the appearance of the three test cars this time. The same front and rear light sets and the same 18-inch wheels all look good. In addition, the active safety configuration is relatively in place, the body stability system, various active control systems, and dual-mode steering power system are not left behind.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: How many inches is the Qashqai wheel?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Qashqai wheels are available in 18-inch and 19-inch models.", "reason": "The answer is only a brief answer to the question, no more information. For example, you can add specific parameters and specifications in front:\n\"There are two Nissan Qashqai tire models: 215/55R18, 225/45R19\"\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"incomplete answer\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What are the model specifications of Nissan Qashqai tires?\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) What are the tire model specifications?\nBest Answer\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies) There are two tire models: 215/55R18 and 225/45R19. The first number 215 represents the tire width is 215MM, 55 means the flat ratio of the tire section is 55%, that is, the section height is 55% of the width, the letter R represents the radial tire, and 15 represents the rim diameter is 15 inches. The maximum speed of Nissan Qashqai is 186km/h, and the fuel consumption of 100 kilometers is 6.2L. In addition to the model, the following commonly used data are also marked on the tire: Carcass Cord Material: expressed in Chinese (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies), such as M-cotton cord, R-rayon cord, N-nylon cord, G-steel cord, ZG-steel radial cord tire. Speed class: Indicates the maximum speed at which the tire can carry the specified load under specified conditions. Letters A to Z represent the certified speed class of the tire from 4.8km/h to 300km/h. Commonly used speed classes are: Q: 160km/h; H: 210km/h; V: 240km/h; W: 270km/h; Y: 300km/h; Rim specification: Indicates the rim specification that matches the tire. Easy to use in practice, such as standard rim 5.00F.\nQashqai uses Bridgestone Tairan series tires, with a specification of 215/55 R18. There are almost no differences in the appearance of the three test cars this time. The same front and rear light sets and the same 18-inch wheels all look good. In addition, the active safety configuration is relatively in place, the body stability system, various active control systems, and dual-mode steering power system are not left behind.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: How many inches is the Qashqai wheel?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Nissan Qashqai tires are available in the 215/55R18 and 225/45R19 models, with a tire size of 15 inches.", "reason": "The answer states that the tire size is 15 inches. An incorrect answer, but an incorrect answer or an answer that is not relevant to the question is not a complete answer.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: Today, Feifei will explain to you, 200,000 to the 5 most worth buying models in 300,000. As a car dealer, I have also sold the most models, and several models that have been well received by customers are quite cost-effective. · The first one is the 18-year-old Cadillac XT5, be sure to buy the four-wheel drive deluxe version with more than one configuration. This car is rare to use the ZF 8AT gearbox, which is quite stable in quality and has a very low failure rate. · The second one is the 18-year BMW 5 Series, which has been replaced with the B48 engine with an unparalleled sense of heaviness and overweight. The top ZF 8AT gearbox has a very low failure rate and excellent value retention rate. The first owner's three-year devaluation has passed, and the second-hand car is currently in the peak of cost performance. · The third model is the 19-year-old Volvo S90T five version, the space super mass is quite stable, it has a very mysterious common problem is low-frequency resonance, 70% of people can't feel it, 30% of people can feel it. So buy this car must go to the test drive in person, if you can't feel it, then hurry up and start. · The fourth model is the 18 brand-new Audi Q5L, which is also the most suitable SUV for home use. The same level of fuel consumption is the lowest in the same level with increased space, and there is almost no common problem. · The fifth model is the 19 Audi A6L, the 40 luxury Zhiya model, the best fuel consumption in the same level, the value retention rate is quite stable, the quality is reliable, and the failure rate is low. The first round of car owners has just passed three years of big depreciation, and the second-hand cost performance is at its peak. Follow Feifei to understand the latest price of each car.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: 200,000 left and right used cars\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Sorry, your question may require more specific information to provide an accurate answer. For example, do you have a more specific description of information such as the model, year, and requirements for specific features of the vehicle? This way I can provide more detailed advice and help.", "reason": "Replying \"Sorry, your question may require more specific information to provide an accurate answer\" shows that the model refuses to answer the question. But refusing to answer is not incomplete.\nSo there's no question of incomplete answers.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
