{"instruction": "Reference information: Aeolus E70 PRO is not well-known in the new energy market, but this A-class car, which is mainly used for operation and family use, quietly entered the 7th electric vehicle ranking. The 2023 PRO version added many design elements representing new energy, making the whole vehicle look brand new. How about the 150,000-class E70 configuration? Let's analyze in detail... Based on the joint venture model, how about the chassis? The 2023 Aeolus E70 is based on the classic G11 platform of Nissan Renault, and adopts the non-independent suspension design of the front McPherson rear torque beam. The overall shape of the rear torque beam is the same, and the external leakage steel pipes on both sides are not even different. The spring and damper adopt the design of the cylinder body separation. Due to the simple structure, convenient installation and the tuning of the spring and damping can be carried out separately, it is suitable for A-class cars with torque beam suspension. Although the chassis structure and frame follow the design of the previous generation joint venture car, 980MPA high-strength steel was already used at that time. The proportion of high-strength steel in the whole vehicle is high, and the frame safety is guaranteed. However, the 2023 E70 series is equipped with double airbags as standard, and the high configuration does not have side airbags. At the same time, it lacks functions such as active braking and fatigue driving reminders. How to choose the 2023 Aeolus E70 PRO Changxing Edition and Yizhi Edition standard battery life? Aeolus E70 as a combination of family use and operation of the vehicle, the same 153,700, there are two models with very different configurations - Changxing Edition and Yizhi Edition standard battery life, both vehicles are equipped with Xinwangda 48.44 degrees ternary lithium battery, CLTC battery life is 401 kilometers. In the later quality assurance, Changxing version is much higher, first of all, the battery pack quality assurance is upgraded from 8 years or 150,000 kilometers to 8 years or 600,000 kilometers, and the vehicle quality assurance is upgraded from three years or 120,000 kilometers to three years or 300,000 kilometers. From the data point of view, three years 300,000 kilometers, if the number of kilometers first, it means that the average daily need to travel at least 273 kilometers, obviously Zhixing version is the operation of special configuration, 600,000 kilometers of battery quality assurance to dispel the concerns of many operating vehicle drivers, which is also one of the reasons for its sales increase, and Yi Zhi version of the configuration is more rich, suitable for home use. 2023 E70 PRO Yi Zhi version of the standard battery life of the practicality of the first drive E70 PRO is equipped with a code-named TZ200XSL permanent magnet synchronous motor, provided by Freddy power, the maximum power of 150 horsepower, the maximum torque of 210Nm, to promote a 1.5 tons of cars more than enough, 100 km acceleration of 9.5 seconds, to meet the basic needs of fast lane overtaking. Compared with the Changxing version, the Yizhi version has more fixed-speed cruise function. In addition to the economy of the driving mode, the new sports mode is added. The LCD meter is upgraded from 7 inches to 10.25 inches. In the sports mode, the meter changes from blue backlight to red, adding a touch of \"combat\" atmosphere. The length, width and height of the second ride/charging E70 PRO are 4.7 meters, 1.72 meters, and 1.53 meters respectively. The wheelbase is 2.7 meters. The space in the A-class car belongs to the middle and upper level, which is 65mm longer than the Corolla body. Compared with the Changxing version, the Yizhi version has more PM2.5 filter devices, Windlink OS vehicle intelligence system, vehicle to everything, 4G network, voice control multimedia/air conditioning/sunroof/navigation, and the entertainment has been significantly improved. The battery charging comes standard with DC fast charging, which can be charged by 80% in 0.62 hours, that is, 80% in about 37 minutes, and the slow charging time of the household charging pile is 8 hours. The third safety/parking Yizhi version comes standard with front double airbags, tire pressure display, child seat ISOFIX interface, body stability control system, etc., which has more fixed speed cruise than the smooth version. The ordinary reversing image is upgraded to a 360-degree panoramic image, which is more intuitive and convenient for reversing. The lighting is upgraded from halogen lamps to full LED, and it is equipped with auto front lights, which is safer at night. Car detective point of view: Aeolus E70 PRO is a new car from the old joint venture car \"magic reform\", its main advantage is low cost, as the operation of the car later cheap electricity, high mileage quality assurance reduces the vehicle's later maintenance costs, the main disadvantage in terms of household use is the lack of auxiliary driving configuration, what do you think of the \"magic reform\" Aeolus E70 PRO? Welcome to discuss.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What are the models with battery pack quality assurance 600,000 kilometers?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "According to the reference information, the battery pack quality assurance 600,000 km models are the best version and the smart version of the standard battery life.", "reason": "The answers are more humane and organized.\nSo there's no mechanistic question in that.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: [After having a car, shopping guide] Family travel has always been very popular, but in recent years, major brands have begun to pay attention to and launch targeted models, which has warmed up the market again. And these models often have flexible seat layouts, excellent intelligent entertainment and expansion capabilities including external discharge. The recently launched Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is like this, and the popularity is also very high. Some netizens asked it who is better than the old BYD Tang DM-p in this market? Let's take a look today! Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is currently the flagship SUV of Wei brand. There are two configurations in total, namely the two-wheel drive long-life version and the four-wheel drive long-life version. The price is 273,800 yuan and 308,800 yuan respectively. It may be thought from the configuration name that the two configurations are only two-wheel drive and four-wheel drive. However, in fact, the four-wheel drive version also has a lot of intelligent driver assistance configurations, as well as electric side pedals, leather seats, and rear small table boards. It is more recommended for everyone to buy. BYD Tang is regarded as the earliest batch of 7-seat SUVs in China. It was first known to everyone because of the 0-100km/h acceleration of 4.9s. Later, it was found that its ability to discharge electricity can unlock a lot of outdoor capabilities. The acceleration ability of the current Tang DM-p has been improved to 4.3s, and the pure electric battery life has also been greatly improved, with a higher configuration, and the price range is 29.18-33 1,800 yuan. The configuration corresponding to the Blue Mountain four-wheel drive long-life version is the Tang DM-p 215km four-wheel drive exclusive type, priced at 311,800 yuan. The Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is more technological, and the Tang DM-p is more sporty. The appearance of the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV adopts the current popular minimalist technology style, which is a bit similar to the new forces now. There are not many lines to decorate the front face, and the split headlights look sharp. On the side of the body, the simple profile is given a sense of power by several three-dimensional lines. Combined with the larger body size, the overall appearance is relatively atmospheric. The tail design echoes the front face, and the tail lights on both sides are very recognizable, and a through-type design is also adopted. In terms of body size, the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is positioned as a medium and large SUV, with a length, width and height of 5156 * 1980 * 1805mm and a wheelbase of 3050mm. Compared with today's comparison model, the Tang DM-p still has a significant advantage. The appearance of the Tang DM-p is still a classic look of the BYD Dynasty, and has not been replaced by the semi-enclosed front face style of the latest Dynasty series. The large-sized middle net and exaggerated lower surround look very visual impact. The side of the body adopts a suspended roof, with large-sized wheels, which looks very sporty. The tail adopts a through-type taillight group, and the overall design is relatively simple. From a visual point of view, it does not look like a performance monster. In terms of body size, the length, width and height of the Tang DM-p are 4870 * 1950 * 1725mm, and the wheelbase is 2820mm, a standard medium-sized SUV size. The Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is updated, the Tang DM-p is more atmospheric interior part, and the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is also biased towards new forces. The minimalist design style is matched with the connected screen design that runs through the center console, which looks very technological. However, it also introduces some chrome and wood grain decoration to improve the grade, which is a bit of a collision between new forces and tradition. The central control screen and the passenger screen are a whole screen, with a size of 27 inches, and the clarity and system fluency are not to be picked. The built-in new generation Coffee OS 2 smart cockpit system has a good experience. And for the convenience of everyone to operate, the commonly used physical buttons of the air conditioner are still retained, which should be the result of user co-creation. The interior of the Tang DM-p is believed to be familiar to everyone. The simple center console creates an excellent luxury texture through a large area of painted panels and leather wraps. Although this design has passed for many years, it still looks dated now. The 15.6-inch rotating central control screen is not new, but the built-in DiLink 5G car intelligence system experience is still very good, a bit like an Android tablet, after years of software adaptation, it has become very mature. The configuration has its own advantages and disadvantages. For the two cars positioned for home use, the ride comfort is also a point of concern for everyone. But in terms of space, the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is definitely better. After all, the size is larger, and the most important thing is reflected in the third row. But to say how good the comfort of the third row of the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is, in fact, it is average. The height of the seat cushion is not enough, the leg space is not enough, and the comfort of adults for a long time will not be much better, but it is better than the Tang DM-p. Secondly, the second row of the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is two independent seats, and supports seat ventilation, heating and massage functions, which is not available in the regular state of the Tang DM-p 215km four-wheel drive exclusive type, but the official solution is a 10,000 optional package, which basically includes the comfort configuration of these second rows. In the power part, the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV four-wheel drive long-life version is equipped with a DHT-PHEV system composed of a 1.5T engine and a P4 motor. The maximum comprehensive power of the system reaches 380 kW, the acceleration time of 0-100km/h is 4.9 seconds, and the pure electric cruising range of 180km under WLTC conditions is 6.7L/100km. The Tang DM-p is equipped with Xiaoyun 1.5T engine and EHS electric hybrid system, with a maximum power of 452 kW and a 0-100km/h acceleration of 4.3 seconds. It uses a hybrid-specific lithium iron phosphate \"blade battery\", with a pure electric battery life of 215km and a fuel consumption of 6.5L/100km. The editor commented that the two models are indeed relatively similar in price and performance, but the Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV will be larger in size and have more trendy internal functions. If you want a new power experience and a traditional brand, it will be a better choice. But if you consider stronger performance and more stable value retention, then the Tang DM-p will be a better choice for comprehensive performance.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: How do Don DMP and Blue Mountain choose?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "OK, thank you for your instruction! Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV and BYD Tang DM-p are both models that have attracted much attention in the market, and each has its own advantages. The appearance of Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV adopts a minimalist technology style. The interior design is novel, full of technology, and the configuration is richer, including external discharge and other expansion capabilities. The BYD Tang DM-p has a classic appearance, luxurious interior, and mature configuration. In terms of space, the third row of Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is more spacious, but the comfort is average. In terms of power, the 0-100km/h acceleration time of Blue Mountain DHT-PHEV is 4.9 seconds, and the Tang DM-p is 4.3 seconds. The price and performance of the two models are similar. Which one to choose depends more on personal preferences and needs.", "reason": "\"Okay, thanks for the command!\" at the beginning of the answer is a reply received by a similar command, indicating the identity of the respondent's robot and should be deleted.\nSo the above answer is \"mechanical\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: The picture comes from the Internet. A car is composed of thousands of accessories. During the driving process, all parts of the car must work, and close cooperation should be carried out between each component to ensure the normal operation of the car. There are many common auto parts, such as glass water, wiper blades, water plugs, brake pads, etc. For the repair and maintenance of the car, it is very necessary to know the function of the auto parts. Today, Xiaoda will explain to you the knowledge of auto parts. It is worth every car owner to be familiar with it and ensure driving safety. Let's learn together. First, the introduction picture of the commonly used auto parts comes from the Internet. 1. The function of the car air filter is to filter the dust suspended in the air when the engine is working to ensure clean intake. The air filter element on the car is mostly paper material. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is about 20,000 kilometers. The specific replacement time is mainly based on the use environment and usage. 2. The function of the air conditioner filter element and the air filter is a truth. When the air conditioner is turned on, the dust or pollen that enters the air in the air conditioning system is filtered to ensure that the evaporation tank and the air inside the car are clean. 3. The function of the gasoline filter This accessory is to filter out impurities in the fuel and make the post-combustion mixture entering the cylinder cleaner. On the one hand, it can protect the engine and on the other hand make the emissions more environmentally friendly. Most engines are equipped with disposable non-removable paper filter element gasoline filters. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is 10,000 kilometers. 4. Engine oil is also called engine lubricating oil. If the engine is the heart of the car, then the oil is the blood of the car. Its main function is to flow in the various positions of the engine that need to be lubricated when the engine is running, reducing the wear and tear between the various components of the engine, so as to prolong the service life of the engine. 5. The function of the spark plug for the spark plug is simply to ignite the combustible mixture. The spark plug can introduce the high-voltage current in the battery into the cylinder, generating an electric spark to ignite the mixed gas in the cylinder, so that the cylinder starts to work and start the engine. The spark plug of the car is an accessory that needs to be replaced regularly. Every time the ignition is started, it will cause a certain loss to the spark plug. Bad car habits will also lead to more carbon deposits, which will affect the life of the spark plug. The picture comes from the Internet 6. The main function of glass water glass water is to clean windshield glass and headlights. Glass water is divided into two types: winter and summer glass water. In winter, glass water with a lower freezing point is used according to the local temperature. In summer, glass water is mostly used for cleaning and degumming. 7. The function of wiper blades wiper blades is to refresh the surface of windshield glass in rainy days to ensure a clear field of vision. The wiper blades need to be replaced when wiping is not clean. Theoretically, the replacement cycle is about 1 year. 8. Brake pads, also known as brake pads, are executive parts in the braking system. The quality of the brake pads directly affects the performance of the brakes. When the brake pedal is pressed, the brake pads will be squeezed on the brake disc or brake drum and rubbed to prevent the wheels from rotating. Different driving habits can make a huge difference in the wear of the brake pads. The specific replacement time needs to be judged by yourself. 9. Transmission oil. Transmission oil is also called transmission oil. Its main function is to form a layer of oil film to cushion the strong impact when shifting gears. On the one hand, it can make the gearbox work more smoothly. On the other hand, it can keep the gearbox clean and prolong its service life. The picture comes from the Internet 10. Antifreeze Antifreeze is also called coolant. Its main function is to prevent freezing and dissipate heat to the engine. Of course, antifreeze is not equal to water. The substances incorporated in it can play the role of anti-corrosion and anti-scale. 11. Clutch plate The function of the clutch plate is to transmit power to the transmission. Under normal circumstances, the clutch plate does not need to be replaced, but if you smell burnt smell, shake and gear difficulty in the car, you need to diagnose and troubleshoot whether there is a problem with the clutch. If so, you need to replace it. 2. Introduction to essential tools for car driving 1. Star Auto Repair 121-piece tool set encountered some minor faults or problems that can be solved by yourself. You can use the Shanghai Star Auto Repair 121-piece combination set, which contains different sizes of sleeves, movable wrenches, screw batches and adapters and other on-board tools, which can provide great help in disassembling and assembling car parts and emergency situations. In addition, it can help us save a lot of time and economic costs, and is also convenient for later car maintenance and maintenance. ( Shida Auto Repair 121-Piece Tool Set, Model 09014A) 2. Safety Hammer When there is a failure of vehicle control lock control, you should use the car safety hammer to break the window glass to escape as soon as possible. It can play a very important role in self-rescue. In addition, in some special occasions, you can turn on the built-in alarm and rescue function of the car safety hammer. The purpose of long-distance distress can be achieved at night through a high-decibel strong flash alarm. 3. Triangle Warning Signs When a vehicle malfunctions or accidents occur, warning signs such as triangle warning signs should be placed in time to remind passing vehicles, which can effectively ensure everyone's driving safety. Shida Tips: Before driving, it is recommended to diagnose whether the car is faulty and carry driving tools to ensure the safety of your family and yourself. The above is the entire content of this chapter. If some content is helpful to you, you can forward it to your family and friends. If you have different opinions or questions about individual content, please leave a feedback in the comment area. See you tomorrow.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: Knowledge of auto parts\nPlease answer:", "answer": "1. Which part of the car is used to filter out impurities in the fuel?\n2. Which part of the car is used to transfer power to the transmission?\n3. Which part of the car parts is used to clean the windshield and headlights?\n\nAnswer:\n\n1. Gasoline filter.\n2. Clutch plate.\n3. Glass water.", "reason": "The answer is in the way of self-questioning and self-answering, which is very mechanical. The question should be removed and the answer should be directly stated instead. Such as:\nThe function of the gasoline filter is to filter out impurities in the fuel; the function of the clutch plate is to transfer power to the transmission; the function of the glass water is to clean the windshield and headlights.\nSo the above answer is \"mechanical\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: Recently, the fuel vehicle market can be said to be changing. All car companies are gearing up for sales. Whether it is domestic cars or joint ventures, they have begun to cut prices in order to seize the market. However, in the camp of domestic compact cars, there is a car that is very sad. From the long-awaited launch to the current slump in sales, it has only been half a year, and it has only sold 1833 units in February. In the car complaint list, the Iris 8 also topped the list. Why did the reputation of the Iris 8 collapse overnight? Is the product really not working or is there another reason? The Arrizo 8 went on the market in September last year. When it was just launched, it set off an Arrizo 8 trend in the entire compact car market, because this car, whether it is the exterior interior or the workmanship materials, is a very conscientious existence in the hundreds of thousands of compact cars market. In addition, in terms of power fuel consumption and chassis texture, this car is also better than many domestic cars and joint ventures of the same level. And when it was just launched, the monthly sales of this car could reach about 5,000 +, and the overall reputation was not bad. However, with the listing of ARRIZE 8, the domestic car market began to surge. The first phenomenon that appeared was that the joint venture cars that were not worth a penny began to reduce prices on a large scale. Of course, this wave of price cuts was mainly due to the competition of domestic new energy models. However, the price reduction of joint ventures, the most hurt is the domestic fuel vehicles that have just been listed. Another point is the gathering competition of 100,000-class domestic cars, Changan's Ruicheng Plus, Univ, SAIC's MG 6, Trumpchi's Shadow Leopard, Geely's Xingrui, Lynk & Co's 03 and so on. The price of models is generally around 100,000. Although ARRIZE 8 has good product power in all aspects, because it has just been listed, there is not much room for preferential treatment, so the overall cost performance is not very large, and the sales decline is normal. After talking about the sales volume, let's talk about the complaint. The Arrizo 8 car as a whole has no major problems, but there are still some flaws in the details and even design defects. The A-pillar wind noise problem is the hardest hit area for complaints. This A-pillar wind noise problem is not big or small. The A-pillar wind noise is designed when the front door and A-pillar sealing strip are not long enough, and there is a cavity. When driving at high speed, the wind enters this cavity through the door seam, which generates wind noise. Because the wind does not enter the car through the A-pillar, this problem does not affect the safety and performance of the car. However, this wind noise problem still has a lot of impact on the driving texture of the whole vehicle, especially for owners who often run at high speed. But at present, it seems that the manufacturer has given a solution. Generally, the problem of wind noise can be solved by going to the 4S point to upgrade. Another complaint point is the problem of the car. This problem will be found in almost all models of various brands, but it is obviously magnified in the Arrizo 8. So for the problem of complaints, I personally feel that there should be a lot of malicious complaints in it. At present, Chery manufacturers have different degrees of discounts for each model of their own home. The preferential strength of Arrizo 8 is about 15,000, and the starting price is directly about 90,000. The cost performance is not bad, but in the domestic compact car market, the cost performance is still average. After all, BYD Qin has already hit the plug-in hybrid into the 100,000, and many joint venture fuel vehicles are also reducing prices. However, in terms of material configuration and workmanship, Arrizo 8, which is sold from about 90,000, is also the best at the same price. So if there is no new energy demand, and more attention is paid to workmanship materials and configuration, Arrizo 8 is still more recommended. Overall, the Arrizo 8 is a good car, but it was born at a bad time. If this car is on the market for two years in the morning, it can be evenly divided with Xingrui. However, in this period of excessive fuel and new energy models, many consumers will choose more fuel-efficient hybrid models, and with the price reduction of joint ventures, although domestic fuel vehicles are more equipped, they are still not as attractive as joint venture brands. So if Arrizo 8 wants to significantly increase sales, you can only expect the hybrid version of Arrizo 8 to give a reasonable price. Well, that's it for today's content. If you like it, please like it and follow it. (The pictures in the text are from the Internet. If there is any infringement, please delete the contact)\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: Why are the sales of Arrizo 8 not high?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "There are two main reasons for the low sales of the Arrizo 8: first, it encountered a wave of price cuts for joint ventures when it went on sale, and second, the price advantage is not obvious compared with other domestic cars of the same level such as Changan, MG, Trumpchi, etc. In addition, the vehicle has defects in details and design defects, such as A-pillar wind noise problems and car machine problems, which may affect sales.", "reason": "The results are more humanized and organized.\nSo there's no mechanistic question in that.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: You can't open the window for a few days after applying the film, and you can't open the window for a few days after applying the film\nYou can't open the window for a few days after applying the film, and you can't open the window for a few days after applying the film.\nBest Answer\nThe window cannot be opened within three to seven days after the film is applied. Although theoretically, the car film can be repaired in three days, due to the quality problem of the car film, some may not be repaired in three days, so it is best not to open the window within 7 days. It will get better. The owner can evaluate when it is appropriate to open the window according to the quality of the car film, or consult the professionals of the 4S shop. The car film can protect the car, but be sure to see it clearly when choosing the car film. First, you must look at the color of the car film. A car film that is too dark will affect driving safety. If the color of the car film does not meet the standards, the car annual inspection will fail. In fact, there is no need to pursue a dark car film, because the color depth of the car film is not directly related to the thermal insulation effect. The insulation effect of the thermal insulation film is determined by the coating process.\nThe window cannot be opened for a few days after the film is applied, which should be determined according to the season. After the car film construction is completed, do not lift the window at will within 3 days in summer and 7 days in winter.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: A few days after the car film is applied\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The answer is as follows:\nThe window cannot be opened within three to seven days after the car film is applied because of the quality problem of the car film, and some may not be repaired in three days. Therefore, window opening should be avoided within three to seven days after the film is applied. Owners can evaluate when it is appropriate to open the window based on the quality of the car film, or consult a professional in a 4S shop.", "reason": "At the beginning of the answer, he said \"** The answer is as follows: **\" before he began to answer the question formally, but there was no reply similar to the robot receiving instructions and no self-questioning and self-answering. So there is no mechanical sense.\nSo there's no mechanistic question in that.\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
