{"instruction": "Reference information: Today, Feifei will explain to you, 200,000 to the 5 most worth buying models in 300,000. As a car dealer, I have also sold the most models, and several models that have been well received by customers are quite cost-effective. · The first one is the 18-year-old Cadillac XT5, be sure to buy the four-wheel drive deluxe version with more than one configuration. This car is rare to use the ZF 8AT gearbox, which is quite stable in quality and has a very low failure rate. · The second one is the 18-year BMW 5 Series, which has been replaced with the B48 engine with an unparalleled sense of heaviness and overweight. The top ZF 8AT gearbox has a very low failure rate and excellent value retention rate. The first owner's three-year devaluation has passed, and the second-hand car is currently in the peak of cost performance. · The third model is the 19-year-old Volvo S90T five version, the space super mass is quite stable, it has a very mysterious common problem is low-frequency resonance, 70% of people can't feel it, 30% of people can feel it. So buy this car must go to the test drive in person, if you can't feel it, then hurry up and start. · The fourth model is the 18 brand-new Audi Q5L, which is also the most suitable SUV for home use. The same level of fuel consumption is the lowest in the same level with increased space, and there is almost no common problem. · The fifth model is the 19 Audi A6L, the 40 luxury Zhiya model, the best fuel consumption in the same level, the value retention rate is quite stable, the quality is reliable, and the failure rate is low. The first round of car owners has just passed three years of big depreciation, and the second-hand cost performance is at its peak. Follow Feifei to understand the latest price of each car.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: 200,000 left and right used cars\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Sorry, this question cannot be answered due to lack of information.", "reason": "The question is \"200,000 left and right used cars\", and the answer is \"sorry, I can't answer this question due to lack of information\". It can be seen that the model refuses to answer the question. However, because the model simply refuses to answer and has no redundant information, it does not count the content body as inaccurate.\nSo there is no question of \"inaccurate content subject\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: I originally booked the Seagull mid-range, but the sales said that the mid-range and low-range would have to wait for almost 2 months. A few days later, I happened to come back with a low-range car. I didn't want to wait and replaced it with a low-range car, so I picked up the car in 7 days, which is very fast. Full 73800, insurance 3500, license 1000. The difference between low-end and medium-end is mainly the car wheel hub, steering wheel, headlights, wireless charging, and one-click lifting and anti-pinch function of the window, so the first time after picking up the car was upgraded: 1. Replace the low-end ugly hub cover with bright silver and black hub cover (150 yuan) The original car hub cover is replaced with a new bright silver and dazzling 2. Replace the low-end halogen headlights with 80-watt LED headlights (168 yuan + 80 yuan installation fee), and replace the front bar. The 80-watt headlights of the original car halogen headlights LED headlights are really bright at night, brighter than the medium and high-end original lights, and the low beam and high beam are good. 3. Replace the plastic steering wheel with a leather hand-sewn steering wheel (108 yuan + 100 yuan handicraft fee) Low-equipped steering wheel, rough to the touch, full of plastic. Get a leather hand-sewn steering wheel cover, which is more comfortable than the original leather. 4. Finally, stick a suspended roof (600 yuan) on the car. Film the front film, film the front film, film the back film, and then film the rear film. Put a rear trunk pad after the film, which is convenient for care. The rear trunk is smaller, and the same level of Wuling Colorful Fruit tailbox is much larger. Seagull trunk Seagull low car upgrade, feel the car on more than a grade, do not understand at a glance thought I was a high car, hahaha... let's talk about other feelings, although it is within 100,000 of the scooter, BYD's car technology is still good, mobile phone real-time monitoring of various data, such as open air conditioning, lock off, keyless car, real-time positioning, etc., with the oil car at home than the freshness of full.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: How often do BYD seagulls pick up the car?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "According to the information you provided, the process of this BYD Seagull from ordering to picking up the car is relatively fast. The originally scheduled mid-range model required about 2 months to wait, but due to the appearance of a low-range vehicle, the customer was able to pick up the car within 7 days. The main differences between the low-range and the mid-range are the wheel hub, steering wheel, headlights, wireless charging and one-click lifting and anti-pinch function of the window.\n\nIn order to improve the driving experience, the owner has made the following upgrades to the vehicle: replacing it with a bright silver-black hubcap, upgrading to 80-watt LED headlights, replacing the leather hand-sewn steering wheel and applying a floating roof film. These modifications make the vehicle look more stylish and advanced.\n\nIn general, pick-up times for BYD Seagull vary by configuration. Details may vary by region and dealer.", "reason": "The question is \"How often does BYD seagulls pick up cars\", and the second paragraph of the answer has an upgrade to BYD seagulls, which has nothing to do with the question and needs to be deleted.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"inaccurate content subject\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What is the production date of glass?\nWhat is the production date of glass?\nBest Answer\nThe way to look at the production date of glass is: 1. Look at the code at the bottom left or bottom right of the car window glass; 2. The number represents the year, the dots represent the month, and the dots in front of the number are the first half of the year. Subtract the number of dots in front of the number from 7 to be the month in the first half of the year. The number of dots in the back of the number is the second half of the year. Subtract the number of dots behind the number from 13 to be the month in the second half of the year. The maintenance methods of car glass are: 1. Use glass water reasonably; 2. Apply a film to the car glass; 3. Apply glass insurance to the car; 4. Thoroughly remove the dirt from the car glass; 5. Replace\nIf you are looking at the production date of the car, you need to find the vehicle nameplate. This nameplate is usually attached to the b-pillar of the passenger. If you want to see the production date of a part on the car, you can look at the labels attached to the parts. These labels generally have the production date. The production date of automotive glass is more complicated. Generally, brands will use numbers and small black dots to represent the production date of glass. For example, there are 5 black dots on the left of the 6, which means that the glass is 2016.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: glass production date\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The production date of glass can be checked by the following methods:\nThe code at the bottom left or right of the window glass: the number represents the year, the dot represents the month, the dot in front of the number is the first half of the year, the number of dots in front of the number is the month in the first half of the year, the dot in the back of the number is the second half, and the number of dots in front of the number is the month in the second half of the year.\n2. The maintenance methods of automotive glass include: rational use of glass water, applying a film to the automotive glass, applying glass insurance to the automobile, thoroughly removing the dirt from the automotive glass, and regularly replacing the rubber strip.\nIf you want to see the date of manufacture of a car, you need to find the vehicle nameplate. If you want to see the date of manufacture of a part on the car, you can look at the label attached to the part.", "reason": "The question asked \"the date of production of the glass\", and the content of the second point answered was the maintenance method of the glass, which had nothing to do with the question and could be deleted.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"inaccurate content subject\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: For a family car that travels 10,000 kilometers a year, choose a pure electric vehicle, a hybrid vehicle or a gasoline vehicle. The following factors need to be considered: cruising range, charging facilities, car purchase costs, fuel costs, environmental friendliness, driving experience, etc. Pure electric vehicles: Benefits: Pure electric vehicles do not produce exhaust emissions and are environmentally friendly. The cruising range of electric vehicles is gradually increasing, and some new models can meet the driving needs of 10,000 kilometers. Electric vehicles are easy to charge and can be charged at home or at public charging piles, and the charging cost is relatively low. Disadvantages: At present, the purchase cost of electric vehicles is high, charging facilities are not fully popularized, and the scarcity of charging stations during long-distance driving is also a problem. The charging time is relatively long, and the charging time arrangement needs to be considered. The range is limited, and more charging plans are required for long-distance travel. Hybrid vehicles: Advantages: Hybrid vehicles combine the advantages of internal combustion engines and electric motors, which can reduce fuel consumption and exhaust emissions to a certain extent. The range of hybrid vehicles is relatively long, which can meet the driving demand of 10,000 kilometers. The charging facilities are relatively mature, and the charging time is relatively short. Disadvantages: The purchase cost of hybrid vehicles is higher, and the fuel consumption is still higher than that of pure electric vehicles. The driving experience of hybrid vehicles may not be as good as that of pure electric vehicles, because it still relies on the internal combustion engine. Gasoline vehicles: Advantages: The purchase cost of gasoline vehicles is relatively low, gas stations are more common, refueling time is fast, and driving mileage is limited. Internal combustion engine technology is mature, and repair and maintenance are relatively simple. The driving experience of gasoline vehicles may be closer to traditional driving methods. Disadvantages: gasoline vehicles have higher fuel consumption and exhaust emissions, which are not friendly to the environment. Long-term use will generate more fuel costs. To sum up, pure electric vehicles are environmentally friendly, but the cost of car purchase is high and charging facilities are not yet widespread; hybrid vehicles have certain advantages in fuel conservation, but the cost of car purchase is also higher; gasoline vehicles have low cost of car purchase, but higher fuel consumption and exhaust emissions. According to personal needs and economic conditions, you can choose the model that suits you.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What kind of car is cost-effective to buy 10,000 kilometers a year?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "According to your needs, when buying a car, you should consider a variety of factors, such as driving range, charging facilities, car purchase cost, fuel cost, environmental protection and driving experience. For family cars that travel about 10,000 kilometers per year, pure electric vehicles have environmental advantages and convenient charging, but there is still room for improvement in car purchase costs and charging facilities. Hybrid vehicles have both energy saving and driving experience, but the car purchase cost is higher. Although gasoline cars have lower car purchase costs, they consume more fuel and have higher exhaust emissions. Therefore, you can decide which type of vehicle to buy according to your own budget and environmental needs.", "reason": "The outcome is clear, the subject is clear\nSo there is no question of \"inaccurate content subject\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What are the model specifications of Nissan Qashqai tires?\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) What are the tire model specifications?\nBest Answer\nNissan Qashqai (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies) There are two tire models: 215/55R18 and 225/45R19. The first number 215 represents the tire width is 215MM, 55 means the flat ratio of the tire section is 55%, that is, the section height is 55% of the width, the letter R represents the radial tire, and 15 represents the rim diameter is 15 inches. The maximum speed of Nissan Qashqai is 186km/h, and the fuel consumption of 100 kilometers is 6.2L. In addition to the model, the following commonly used data are also marked on the tire: Carcass Cord Material: expressed in Chinese (check transaction price | participating | preferential policies), such as M-cotton cord, R-rayon cord, N-nylon cord, G-steel cord, ZG-steel radial cord tire. Speed class: Indicates the maximum speed at which the tire can carry the specified load under specified conditions. Letters A to Z represent the certified speed class of the tire from 4.8km/h to 300km/h. Commonly used speed classes are: Q: 160km/h; H: 210km/h; V: 240km/h; W: 270km/h; Y: 300km/h; Rim specification: Indicates the rim specification that matches the tire. Easy to use in practice, such as standard rim 5.00F.\nQashqai uses Bridgestone Tairan series tires, with a specification of 215/55 R18. There are almost no differences in the appearance of the three test cars this time. The same front and rear light sets and the same 18-inch wheels all look good. In addition, the active safety configuration is relatively in place, the body stability system, various active control systems, and dual-mode steering power system are not left behind.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: How many inches is the Qashqai wheel?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Qashqai's rims are available in 5.00F and 18-inch sizes.", "reason": "The question asked how many inches the Qashqai wheel was, and the answer said that there were 5.00F and 18 inches, but 5.00F was the rim specification, not the size, so the answer was wrong. But there was no redundant information in the answer, so it was not considered that the content body was inaccurate.\nSo there is no question of \"inaccurate content subject\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
