{"instruction": "Reference information: The 26th Chengdu International Auto Show will be held in Chengdu, Sichuan Province from August 25th to September 3rd, 2023. This year marks the 70th anniversary of the development of China's automobile industry, and Chengdu is one of the regions with the fastest growth in automobile consumption. Coupled with the intensifying competition in our country's automobile industry, most manufacturers pay more attention to it, so this regional auto show has a lot to see. Auto Show Contents: Divided into 11 exhibition halls, a total of 129 automobile brands, with nearly 1,600 vehicles on display, and a display area of more than 200,000 square meters. Auto Show Location: No. 88, East Section of Fuzhou Road, Tianfu New District, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Western China International Expo City. Schedule and ticket prices: August 25, 09:00-16:30 admission, 18:00 closing, media visit day, no advance ticket sales, 100 yuan/piece. August 26-27, 09:30-17:00 admission, 18:30 closing, professional audience day, 80 yuan/piece. August 28-September 2, 09:30-17:00 admission, 18:30 closing, general audience day, 60 yuan/piece. September 3, general audience day, 09:30-16:00 admission, 17:30 closing, general audience day, 60 yuan/piece. Ticket sales method: 1. Ticket purchasers should http://www.cd-motorshow.com the designated ticketing website or the official WeChat, Weibo \"Chengdu International Automobile Exhibition\", Damai.com, Tianfutong APP, Ferris Wheel, Douyin, Maoyan, Ctrip platform, Xibo City site 1, Gate 3 ticket center and other designated ticket offices and online ticket purchase channels to buy. 2. Tickets sold are non-refundable and non-exchangeable. Each mobile phone number can buy up to 6 auto show tickets, 1 QR code ticket is limited to 1 person and is valid once. Both online and offline ticket purchases support WeChat Pay and Alipay payment. 3. Buy tickets before 24:00 on August 24 to enjoy a 15% discount. Transportation information: 1. Free shuttle bus. Running route: 1 and 2 stops in Tianfu Park --- 3, 4, 5 stops on Hangzhou Road --- 6 stops on Shuzhou Road --- 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11 stops on Guangzhou Road --- 10 stops in P3 District, Xibo City, Guangzhou Road --- 10 stops at Gate 5, Xibo City South Plaza --- 8 stops at Gate 4, Xibo City --- 7 stops at Exit C of Metro Xibo City Station (cycle). Running time: August 25-September 3, 2023, 08:30-19:30. 2. Taxi/online ride-hailing. Outside Gate 4 of Xibo City, it is the pick-up and drop-off area for taxis/online car-hailing. 3. Free infield shuttle (battery shuttle) Route 1 (infield): Hall 1---5 Hall --- Gate 3 of Xibo City Route, circular ferry, the ride point is outside Hall 2, 3, 5, 11, 14, 16. Route 2 (parking lot to the entrance of the exhibition hall): P3 parking lot --- South Square parking lot --- Gate 4 of Xibo City Route, circular ferry, the ride point is P3 parking lot, South Square parking lot, Gate 4 of Xibo City. Running time: August 25-September 2, 2023 09:30-18:00, September 3 09:30-17:00. 4, bus. Take T1, T7, T21, T40 express line, XK3 bus and get off at Metro Xibo City Station. 5, subway. Take Line 1, 6, 18 to Xibo City (Exit D) to get out, or take Metro Line 1 Guangzhou Road (Exit F) to get out. You can also choose to take Metro Line 1 to Guangzhou Road (Exit F) to get out. After entering the venue from Gate 3 of Xibo City, transfer to the free shuttle bus in the car exhibition infield to Hall 1-16. 6, Self-driving. Navigate \"Western China International Expo City\", there are many parking spaces in and near Xibo City.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe questions are as follows: Chengdu Auto Show tickets\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Chengdu Auto Show tickets can be purchased at the designated ticketing website http://www.cd-motorshow.com or official WeChat, Weibo \"Chengdu International Automobile Exhibition\", Barley, Tianfutong APP, Ferris Wheel, Douyin, Cat's Eye, Ctrip platform, Xibo City on-site Gate 1 and Gate 3 ticket center and other designated ticket offices and online ticket purchase channels. Tickets are 100 yuan/piece for media days, 80 yuan/piece for professional visitors, and 60 yuan/piece for ordinary visitors. In addition, 15% discount for tickets purchased before 24:00 on August 24.", "reason": "The web link appeared in the answer and needs to be deleted.\nSo there is a problem of \"external links or drainage\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: What is a particle trap? A particle trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine. It can capture particulate emissions before they enter the atmosphere to purify the exhaust. The diesel engine particle trap is called DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter), and the gasoline engine particle trap is called GPF (Gasoline Particulate Filter). In short, it is to wear a \"mask\" on our car to prevent saliva bacteria from being sprayed directly when we speak, reducing pollution to the atmosphere. The structure of the particle trap Why install a particle trap? The four harmful substances contained in the exhaust of the car are: nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, non-methylalkane and fine particulate matter. The first three gases can reduce pollutant emissions through a three-way catalytic device, while fine particulate matter needs to be solved by particle traps. In 19 years, in order to cope with the new national six standards for 20 years, car companies switched a large number of particle traps from diesel vehicles to gasoline vehicles, in order to enable their vehicles to meet the national six emission standards. Now, in July 2023, the implementation of more stringent national six B, in the current situation of high research and development costs and the trend of new energy, manufacturers are inevitably unwilling to invest a lot of money in internal combustion engines, so relatively cheap particle traps have become their choice. Types of particle traps What impact does particle traps have on us? For us, wearing a mask usually makes us feel bad about breathing, and the same is true for vehicles: adding such a large filter to the exhaust pipe will lead to extremely low exhaust gas circulation efficiency, so the exhaust gas generated by the vehicle engine during operation cannot be discharged smoothly. It generates a lot of exhaust back pressure on the engine of the vehicle, so that the power of the vehicle in the country 6b decreases. When the exhaust of the car is equipped with a particle trap to affect the power, the pressure of the engine will also increase; therefore, there will be a certain increase in fuel consumption. In addition, the replacement cost of the particle trap in the later stage is also a considerable expense, although the particle trap can now convert particles into gas by regeneration. But the failure rate is still very high, and there will always be a replacement day. If the three-year free warranty period has passed, the owner of the National 6B will be prepared to spend thousands of dollars to replace the particle trap. How to buy a car at this stage? First of all, there are many models that comply with the National 6A and do not have a particle trap. You can see if your favorite model has a particle trap. Secondly, when purchasing a vehicle, you can choose an energy vehicle or a hybrid model. This part of the model either does not require a particle trap or emits less particulate matter. Finally, if there is no escape, choose a particle trap closer to the engine, which can also reduce the blockage of the particle trap. What should we do if we have already bought a car with a particle trap? 1. Use low-ash oil. During the regeneration process of the particle trap, a lot of ash cannot be burned. After the ash generated by the combustion of the oil enters the particle trap, it is difficult to burn and regenerate. Using high-ash oil for a long time will accelerate the blockage of the particle trap. At this time, the particle trap must be removed and cleaned to increase maintenance costs. Turn on the high speed 2. Add high-quality fuel. The content of sulfur, phosphorus and impurities in the high-quality fuel is less to prevent the particle trap from clogging. 3. Learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. It is very important to learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. Increase the speed of the vehicle to more than 80km/h, release the throttle and let the vehicle slide for a while. At this time, the engine does not inject fuel, and oxygen does not participate in combustion. It directly enters the particle trap, increases the oxygen supply of the particle trap, increases the temperature of the particle trap, and burns off the tiny solid emissions of the particle trap. After several repetitions, the particle trap is successfully regenerated.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What is a particle trap?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The particulate trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine that captures and converts tiny particulate matter for the purpose of purifying the air.", "reason": "There is no drainage or other website or APP information in the result.\nSo there is no question of \"external links or drainage\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: [Noise analysis of the original car of the model]\nThe Honda Fit is a model that is widely loved by young people. Its appearance is fashionable, dynamic and personalized. But many car owners also report that when the Honda Fit is driving, the noise in the compartment is more obvious. The owner of this Honda Fit just thinks the noise of the car is too loud, so he came to Foshan Shenglong Car Audio Soundproofing Shop to upgrade the sound insulation of the whole car. Great White Shark Car Soundproofing Modification\nModified model - Fit\nSystem configuration:\nSound insulation brand: Jaws\nSound insulation parts: four doors, chassis, trunk, hub, ceiling, U-groove, hood\n[The right medicine - the solution to noise]\nHonda Fit's original car door panel has a thin iron structure, and wind noise can easily be transmitted to the interior of the car through the door panel. Therefore, Foshan Shenglong's modification technicians used great white shark sound insulation materials to completely soundproof the door panel and trim cover of the car, thus reducing the introduction of wind noise.\nWhen the car door panel is opened, it can be found that the door panel sound insulation measures are extremely lacking\nUse great white sharks to make double-layer sound insulation for door panels to reduce various noises generated by car door panels\nSeal the door panel cover with great white shark sound-absorbing cotton\nThe chassis of the original car was not effectively soundproofed\nThe use of great white shark sound insulation materials to do the first layer of sound insulation treatment on the car chassis effectively plays a role in stopping vibration\nThe chassis and tailbox are the hardest hit areas for low-frequency resonance, but the chassis and tailbox of the original car were not effectively soundproofed. Therefore, the modification technicians of Foshan Shenglong first used Great White Shark sound insulation and shock absorber to stop the vibration of the chassis of the car. Then they used Great White Shark sound insulation cotton and Great White Shark white cotton to seal it. The three-layer sound insulation treatment also reduced the resonance noise of the chassis and tailbox to a minimum. In order to prevent the introduction of fetal noise, the modification technicians also made serious sound insulation treatment on the wheel hub of the car.\nThe chassis is sealed with a second layer of great white shark sound insulation.\nUse great white shark sound-absorbing cotton to seal the chassis with the third layer.\nAnd we use great white sharks to soundproof the hubs.\nThe wheel hub is sealed with the second layer.\nNoise Detail\nThe roof of the original car is only a thin layer of iron sheet structure, which is not conducive to the constant temperature in the compartment. At the same time, in rainy days, the ceiling is also prone to generate large noise. Therefore, the modification technicians of Foshan Shenglong used great white shark sound insulation materials to soundproof the roof of the car with three layers, thus reducing noise and maintaining the constant temperature in the compartment.\nThe trunk lid is soundproofed.\nThe original car roof was dismantled, and no effective sound insulation treatment was found\nThe first layer of the ceiling is treated with sound insulation materials\nThe second layer of sealing treatment for the ceiling is made of great white shark sound insulation cotton.\nThe third layer of sealing treatment for the ceiling is made of great white shark white cotton.\nWhen the car is driving at high speed, a lot of noise generated in the engine compartment will also be transmitted to the interior of the compartment. Therefore, the modification technicians of Foshan Shenglong used great white shark sound insulation materials to soundproof the hood of the car on the one hand, and sealed the U-shaped slot of the car on the other hand, thus reducing the generation and transmission of noise in the engine compartment.\nU-shaped groove for double-layer sound insulation treatment\nThe hood of the original car was not effectively soundproofed\nWe soundproofed the hood with a great white shark.\n[Sound insulation effect review]\nThis Honda Fit has undergone targeted treatment of engine noise, wind noise, and road noise. After the sound insulation is completed, the owner and technicians will conduct road tests together. No matter what kind of road conditions are driving, the noise in the car is very weak, and the sound insulation effect of the Honda Fit has been qualitatively improved. The owner is very satisfied with this.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: Fit soundproofing\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The owner of Honda Fit felt that the noise of the car was too loud, so he came to Foshan Shenglong Car Audio Soundproofing Shop to upgrade the sound insulation of the whole car. The modification technician used great white shark sound insulation materials to soundproof the door panel, chassis, trunk, wheel hub, ceiling, U-groove, hood and other parts of the car, thereby reducing the generation and input of wind noise, road noise, fetal noise, and noise in the engine compartment, and improving the sound insulation effect of Fit.", "reason": "In the answer, \"Foshan Shenglong Car Audio Soundproof Store\" appeared a specific store address and name, which belonged to the drainage of readers to the corresponding store and belonged to the drainage behavior.\nSo there is a problem of \"external links or drainage\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
