{"instruction": "Reference information: What is a particle trap? A particle trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine. It can capture particulate emissions before they enter the atmosphere to purify the exhaust. The diesel engine particle trap is called DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter), and the gasoline engine particle trap is called GPF (Gasoline Particulate Filter). In short, it is to wear a \"mask\" on our car to prevent saliva bacteria from being sprayed directly when we speak, reducing pollution to the atmosphere. The structure of the particle trap Why install a particle trap? The four harmful substances contained in the exhaust of the car are: nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, non-methylalkane and fine particulate matter. The first three gases can reduce pollutant emissions through a three-way catalytic device, while fine particulate matter needs to be solved by particle traps. In 19 years, in order to cope with the new national six standards for 20 years, car companies switched a large number of particle traps from diesel vehicles to gasoline vehicles, in order to enable their vehicles to meet the national six emission standards. Now, in July 2023, the implementation of more stringent national six B, in the current situation of high research and development costs and the trend of new energy, manufacturers are inevitably unwilling to invest a lot of money in internal combustion engines, so relatively cheap particle traps have become their choice. Types of particle traps What impact does particle traps have on us? For us, wearing a mask usually makes us feel bad about breathing, and the same is true for vehicles: adding such a large filter to the exhaust pipe will lead to extremely low exhaust gas circulation efficiency, so the exhaust gas generated by the vehicle engine during operation cannot be discharged smoothly. It generates a lot of exhaust back pressure on the engine of the vehicle, so that the power of the vehicle in the country 6b decreases. When the exhaust of the car is equipped with a particle trap to affect the power, the pressure of the engine will also increase; therefore, there will be a certain increase in fuel consumption. In addition, the replacement cost of the particle trap in the later stage is also a considerable expense, although the particle trap can now convert particles into gas by regeneration. But the failure rate is still very high, and there will always be a replacement day. If the three-year free warranty period has passed, the owner of the National 6B will be prepared to spend thousands of dollars to replace the particle trap. How to buy a car at this stage? First of all, there are many models that comply with the National 6A and do not have a particle trap. You can see if your favorite model has a particle trap. Secondly, when purchasing a vehicle, you can choose an energy vehicle or a hybrid model. This part of the model either does not require a particle trap or emits less particulate matter. Finally, if there is no escape, choose a particle trap closer to the engine, which can also reduce the blockage of the particle trap. What should we do if we have already bought a car with a particle trap? 1. Use low-ash oil. During the regeneration process of the particle trap, a lot of ash cannot be burned. After the ash generated by the combustion of the oil enters the particle trap, it is difficult to burn and regenerate. Using high-ash oil for a long time will accelerate the blockage of the particle trap. At this time, the particle trap must be removed and cleaned to increase maintenance costs. Turn on the high speed 2. Add high-quality fuel. The content of sulfur, phosphorus and impurities in the high-quality fuel is less to prevent the particle trap from clogging. 3. Learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. It is very important to learn the regeneration method of the particle trap. Increase the speed of the vehicle to more than 80km/h, release the throttle and let the vehicle slide for a while. At this time, the engine does not inject fuel, and oxygen does not participate in combustion. It directly enters the particle trap, increases the oxygen supply of the particle trap, increases the temperature of the particle trap, and burns off the tiny solid emissions of the particle trap. After several repetitions, the particle trap is successfully regenerated.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: What is a particle trap?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "The particulate trap is a ceramic filter installed in the exhaust system of a diesel engine that captures and converts tiny particulate matter for the purpose of purifying the air.", "reason": "The answers are well organized and there is no duplication\nSo there is no question of \"repetition\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Reference information: How much does it cost to maintain a Mercedes-Benz C-Class (check the transaction price | participate in | preferential policies) in a 4S store, and what is the effect?\nBest Answer\n1. In the 4S shop, the cost of Mercedes-Benz c small maintenance is about 1500, and the big guarantee is more than 3000. 2. From this point of view, the minimum maintenance cost of Mercedes-Benz C-Class (check the transaction price | participation | preferential policies) is more than 10,000 yuan (check the transaction price | participation | preferential policies). 3. The number of maintenance is calculated according to the number of kilometers traveled. The maintenance cycle is 10,000 kilometers once, and the oil and oil filter need to be replaced. The cost is relatively higher, about 800~ 1000 yuan. 4. In this way, the single small maintenance cost of Mercedes-Benz C-Class models is 958 yuan, which is consistent with the official price and even very competitive compared with competitors. The price of 20,000, 40,000 and 60,000 kilometers is more expensive, mainly because the price of air conditioner filter elements and spark plugs is higher. Maintenance items are divided into A package and B package: package: every 10,000 kilometers/every 12 months.\nMercedes-Benz C-Class maintenance for every 10,000 km/time, the official provides maintenance package A and maintenance package B, A insurance about 1000 yuan, B insurance about 2900 yuan.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe problem is as follows: Mercedes-Benz c maintenance price\nPlease answer:", "answer": "Mercedes-Benz C-Class (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) How much does a maintenance cost and how effective is it?\n\nThe best answer is:\n\nMercedes-Benz C-Class (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) maintenance costs about 1,500 to 3,000 yuan. How is the effect?\n\nThe number of maintenance is calculated according to the number of kilometers traveled, the maintenance cycle is 10,000 kilometers once, the need to replace the oil and oil filter, the cost is relatively higher, about 800~ 1000 yuan.\n\nTherefore, the cost of a Mercedes-Benz C-Class maintenance is around 1,500 to 3,000 yuan. How is the effect? The effect is good, mainly due to the replacement of the oil and oil filter, as well as other maintenance items.", "reason": "\"Mercedes-Benz C-Class (check transaction price | participation | preferential policies) maintenance cost is about 1,500 to 3,000 yuan, how is the effect?\", which needs to be deleted\nSo there is a problem of \"duplication\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Reference information: The best answer\nIf it is a family car, 180 horsepower is very enough. A 180 horsepower car can reach the fastest speed of about 200 kilometers per hour, so the engine has 180 horsepower is enough. The maximum horsepower of the engine is expressed in ps. The maximum horsepower refers to the maximum power output that a car can achieve. It means the same as the maximum power of the engine, but the units of horsepower and power are different. Power refers to the work done by an object in unit time. Engine\nIf it is a family car, 180 horsepower is very sufficient. A 180 horsepower car can reach the fastest speed of about 200 kilometers per hour, so the engine has 180 horsepower is enough. The maximum horsepower of the engine is expressed in ps. The maximum horsepower refers to the maximum power output that a car can achieve, which is the same as the maximum power of the engine, but the units of horsepower and power are different. Power refers to the work done by an object in unit time. The more power the engine has, the higher the speed, and the higher the maximum speed of the car. Usually, the maximum power is used to describe the power performance of the car. The horsepower of the engine affects the speed of the car. The torque of the engine affects the acceleration performance of the car, including the starting of the car. In theory, the greater the torque of the engine, the faster the starting speed of the car will be, and the shorter the time for the car to reach the maximum speed. If the engine horsepower is high and the torque is not large, the car speed will be very slow, which is why small-displacement cars will start slowly. The maximum power of the engine is generally expressed in metric horsepower (PS) or kilowatts (kW), 1PS is equal to 0.735kW, and the engine 180 horsepower is equivalent to 135kW, which is equivalent to a 1.5T engine.\nAnswer requirements: Do not mention that you are based on the above reference information or reference articles, the content of the answer should be concise, clear and accurate, try not to exceed 200 words, and pay attention to the format of line breaks to ensure legibility. \"\nThe question is as follows: Is 180 horsepower enough for the univ?\nPlease answer:", "answer": "If you are a family car, 180 horsepower is very sufficient. A 180 horsepower car can reach a fastest speed of about 200 kilometers per hour, so 180 horsepower is enough for the engine.\n\nTherefore, for a family car, 180 horsepower is very sufficient.", "reason": "Both the beginning and the end of the answer said \"If you are a family car, 180 horsepower is very sufficient.\", repeated the expression, and the sentence at the beginning of the first paragraph needs to be deleted.\nSo there is a problem of \"duplication\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
