{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nWhen almost everyone places the car purchase reference of high-end new forces in batches of new products, some of the earlier moderates have indeed been gradually marginalized, but this does not prevent them from ensuring the reliability of comprehensive vehicles through their own OTA functions and powerful basic software and hardware development. The \"old car\" we want to see here is NIO's second production car - NIO ES6. After many of its products have been imported into NT2.0 production, is it still worth considering?\nAlthough we call the current NIO ES6 an \"old car\", in fact it has only been on the market for four years. Even in the past few years, it has not been able to make any major breakthroughs in Visual Identity, but NIO's highly recognizable X-bar front face design will not have any incongruity even if it is placed in the new car pile that debuts in 2023. Even the two-tone body, irregular eyebrows and three-dimensional tail lights still have a high degree of visual leadership.\n\nIn terms of intelligence, whether it is a software system or a hardware sensing combination, NIO ES6 has a relatively large gap with NT2.0 products, especially in the intelligent driving chip, SuperVision, which cannot be fully implemented in the Chinese market, has made the Mobileye EyeQ4 chip with limited computing power a lagging product. But even so, NIO ES6 can still achieve a higher level of intelligent assisted driving capabilities through the standard NIO Pilot and the later refreshed Alder Alder Alder.\nOf course, without the purchase of the signed version and without any optional NIO Pilot package, the NIO ES6 has a set of hardware and a large number of active safety systems, but it can only achieve fixed-speed cruise, even if there is a 540-degree panoramic image but no reversing blind spot warning, which will make the 386,000 yuan It looks a little embarrassing. After getting the NIO Pilot full package, the vehicle can complete the full automatic parking, high-speed automatic assisted driving, NOP automatic assisted navigation driving and other high-level functions.\nUnlike the ES8 or other NT2.0 products, the vehicle still has a large number of optional configurations in order to control costs and open up the differences with other models. Not to mention the interior package related to NAPPA leather, it is what front ventilation/massage, rear heating, and even 12 speakers, external rearview mirror anti-glare, etc., have to pay extra, even if it is on the signature version of the top, the passenger leg rest is still the configuration in the so-called Queen's passenger seat package, which does not affect the luxury level. Leaving aside, this paid item is not much less than the BBA.\nOf course, from the perspective of a minimum sports version, the NIO ES6 ranges from central control design, cockpit decoration to seat comfort, and then to the intelligent interconnection system led by 11.3-inch touch screen + NOMI intelligent interactive robot. The level of intelligence it presents is still much higher than that of the same level of BBA, plus the standard leather electric steering wheel, induction tailgate, panoramic canopy, and front sound insulation + rear privacy glass. The luxury of the cockpit environment can still kill a large wave of new cars in the high-end market.\nIn the final analysis, the new force's main focus is still electrification, and what it has to fight for in the consumer market is still the core three electricity. The NIO ES6, as a relatively early product, has indeed exposed some inadequacies. The entire vehicle series has completed the coverage of dual-motor four-wheel drive, and the 75kWh low-end model has also entered the market with a maximum power of 320kW and a maximum torque of 610N · m. The zero-hundred acceleration performance of 5.6 seconds is not inferior in the sports car pile. However, its battery optimization is not good, and the 455km NEDC pure electric battery life makes it seem out of place in the mainstream market. Although the vehicle also provides a 100kWh option to bring 600km of battery life, the brand of \"poor battery life\" has been marked, and the threshold for 100kWh low car distribution is as high as 444,000 yuan, which does make it encounter some \"congenital shortcomings\" embarrassment, which is why NIO needs to change the power more than anyone else.\nOf course, the vehicle has the ability to go further in terms of efficiency, except for low-end models, the rest of the models can achieve 4.7 seconds through 400kW, 725N · m high-performance version of the dual motor, while the corresponding battery life has been optimized to 465km, 610km, although the optimization range is small, it is better than nothing.\nIn terms of battery life, the NIO ES6 may not be satisfactory, but it is still worth looking forward to when it enters the dynamic link. The chassis not only has a luxury combination of double arms + multiple links, but also the low-end model will have variable suspension, and the medium-high model will have upgraded air suspension. It may be said that the handling of the SUV will not be optimized to be more outstanding, but stability and comfort will indeed become a highlight in the same level of new power models.\nWrite at the end\nIt can be seen that although the NIO ES6 is relatively \"old\" in NIO and even the entire high-end new power lineup, such old qualifications do not prevent it from obtaining a leading intelligence system in the market through constantly updated software. Moreover, even if NIO does not update its core hardware, its own performance level and battery stability can still gain certain advantages at present. Unfortunately, with a large number of competitors entering the market with 500km + battery life, the upper limit has exceeded 600km, or even the 700km mark, its 75kWh version still seems a little weak, which may be the biggest problem restricting it from further in the market. If you are dissatisfied with the current model, you might as well wait for the 2023 model, which will debut on May 24. The new car will be based on NT2.0, which will enable the NIO ES6 to enter the core mainstream market again.", "answer": "Main title: NIO ES6: Can I still eat?\n\nSubtitle: In-depth evaluation of NIO ES6 to explore its competitiveness and value in the market", "reason": "There is no traffic or other website information in the result.\nSo there is no question of \"external links or drainage\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nWhen it comes to pure electric vehicles, I believe that many people have a high reputation for them, because pure electric vehicles are more environmentally friendly and energy-efficient than traditional fuel vehicles, and at the same time have excellent driving quality. However, pure electric vehicles are discouraged by many people because of their short-term battery life! With the continuous advancement and innovation of technology, more and more pure electric vehicles are beginning to have stronger cruising ranges, which makes people confident in their practicality and reliability. If riders want to buy a long-range pure electric car, you can take a look at this one, ride comfortably, CLTC pure electric cruising range 623km, it is Dongfeng Nissan's pure electric, ARIYA 2022, two-wheel drive long-range top version, with leather seats, guide price 284,800, my area Fuzhou, Fujian, according to the end point display discount 60,000, let's find out.\nIn terms of appearance, the closed panel of the front of the car is V-shaped design, which is a bit of a family style. The panel is inlaid with the latest Nissan logo, and the details are added with \"group\" design elements, which is more sci-fi. The headlights on both sides are split-type design, and the daytime running lights are designed in a polyline style. The far and near lights are visible in the corners.\nOn the side of the car body, the A, B, and C pillars are designed with a hidden style, and the roof lines flow slightly backward, creating a trace of cross-border atmosphere. The door is designed with a curved concave design, which is combined with the waist line running through the front and rear, making it look soft and powerful.\nIn terms of the tail, the tail light adopts a through-type design. The lamp group is narrow and long, and the middle position is inlaid with the English letter logo of the Nissan brand. The curved surface below has a clear upturned feeling, and the slippery back design at the top creates a strong sporty atmosphere.\nThe body size of the car is 4603 mm long, 1900 mm wide, 1658 mm high, and the wheelbase of the car is 2775 mm. Driving experience, the seats of the car are designed with genuine leather, and the quality and comfort are worth praising. I am 178cm tall. After adjusting the front seat to the lowest level, the head is about 1 punch and 2 fingers away from the roof, which is spacious. At the same time, the body and the backrest fit well, and the ride is comfortable. The \"Nissan big sofa\" is well-deserved; the front row remains unchanged, and the legroom in the rear row can be obtained for more than two punches. The performance is excellent. At the same time, the backrest is sufficiently tilted, and the fit is good. It will not feel tired after a long ride. And the front and rear seats support heating, and the comfort is relatively in place. It is more competitive in the same level.\n\nIn terms of interior, the interior uses a beige color scheme, which has a taste of home. The center console adopts a level of separation + through design to create a simple and clear intuitive feeling. The car is equipped with a two-frame flat-bottomed steering wheel, which is made of leather and feels good. It supports electric 4-way adjustment, with memory and heating functions. The integrated buttons on both sides are also more comprehensive, including driving information menu links, voice control, lane keeping, and adaptive cruise, etc., which have a good sense of quality. At the same time, the 12.3-inch full LCD instrument panel and the 12.3-inch central control screen use the popular dual-screen design. At the same time, it is equipped with a HUD head-up display system, which can display real-time vehicle speed, navigation information prompts, etc., which is very practical. And the air-conditioning control area is cleverly hidden in the trim by touching the buttons. During operation, it also has vibration feedback, which is very technological.\nIn terms of power, the car is equipped with a pure electric 242 horsepower motor, with a maximum power of 178 kilowatts (242 horsepower), a maximum torque of 300 Nm, matching the electric vehicle single-speed gearbox, a 100-kilometer power consumption of 16kWh/100km, a CLTC pure electric cruising range of 623 kilometers, a fast charge of 0.67 hours, a slow charge of 14 hours, and a vehicle warranty period of 5 years or 120,000 kilometers.\nDriving experience, the driving quality of the car is relatively good, following the car in the urban area, acceleration and deceleration, and power recovery are not obtrusive, following the car calmly, and at the same time, due to the front row equipped with multi-layer sound insulation glass, the car is in a relatively quiet driving atmosphere. Speed up in the middle and rear sections, power output has maintained a high level, and there is almost no sense of attenuation. At the same time, the chassis of the car adopts double fork arm independent suspension + multi-link independent suspension, passing through the speed reduction belt at a speed of 30km/h, there is no obvious shaking in the car, and the driving quality is online.\nOverall, the appearance of the car is fashionable and sporty, the interior space is more competitive in the same level, the interior design is simple without losing the sense of technology, the color matching is more at home style, the power reserve is sufficient, the driving atmosphere is quiet, and the car has a battery life of 623 kilometers, supports fast charging, and there will be no battery life anxiety when going out. At the same time, the configuration of the car is also relatively rich, for example, five active safety warnings, active braking, lane keeping assistance system, reversing images, 360 ° panoramic images, etc., daily meeting, parking, can be better parking, better control, the car discount 60,000, the author believes that the car is a high-quality compact SUV car, there are favorite riders can go to test drive experience.", "answer": "Main title: The new choice of pure electric vehicles, Dongfeng Nissan ARIYA 2022, two-wheel drive long-range top version, let you drive the future!\nSubtitle: Comfortable driving, battery life 623km, leather seats, guide price 284,800, Fujian Fuzhou area discount 60,000!\n\nMain title: https://zh.automobility.com/car/news/2776821", "reason": "The answer contains a web link\nSo there is a problem of \"external links or drainage\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\n2023 Changan Yidong PLUS has been officially launched, the new car launched only one model, the new model is named Enjoy version of Blue Whale NE 1.4TGDI automatic premium type, priced at 93,900.\nAppearance: The front face adopts \"light and shadow progressive\", the inverted trapezoidal large-size air intake grille inlaid with the bright black middle mesh, and is connected to the light groups on both sides. The shape is very sharp and delicate, which helps to extend the visual effect of the front face after lighting. The bottom is also equipped with a heat dissipation port design, plus some red decorative strips, which looks more layered.\nBody side: body size 4730x1820x1505mm, wheelbase 2700mm, positioning compact car. The contour of the vehicle is smooth and natural, making the body more slender. The two-section waist line and the raised ducktail shape of the rear fender add a certain sense of strength to the car.\nRear part: The shape is relatively simple, and the taillights adopt a through design, which effectively enhances the horizontal visual width of the rear. The blackened exhaust ports at the bottom of the rear surround are two-way layout, and chrome decoration is added to make it look more delicate.\nInterior: The new car adopts the latest design style of the family. The red and black interior color design is more sporty and enthusiastic. The floating dual screen composed of full LCD instrument and central control screen is more technological, both of which are 10.25 inches. Horizontal through the trend design, with the piano-like buttons on the lower side to add more elegant details. The multi-function steering wheel of leather material adopts a three-frame flat bottom design.\nConfiguration part: The new car is equipped with automatic induction tailgate, remote start, keyless entry, GPS navigation system, Bluetooth/car phone, vehicle to everything, manual 6-way adjustment of the driver's seat, anti-glare of the inner rearview mirror, automatic constant temperature air conditioning, 4-speaker sound system, etc.\nDriving control: equipped with reversing images, 360 ° panoramic images, transparent images, fixed speed cruise, etc. In addition, the whole car is equipped with one-button lifting windows and anti-pinch functions, and the outer rearview mirror can be electrically adjusted and heated. Use a more technologically intelligent driver assistance system to fully escort driving safety.\nPower: The new car will continue to be equipped with a Blue Whale 1.4T turbocharged engine, with a 7-speed wet dual-clutch gearbox, the maximum engine horsepower is 160Ps, the maximum torque is 260N.m, and the WLTC comprehensive fuel consumption is 6.4L/100km. This power combination can achieve a balance between power and fuel consumption, resulting in better and more efficient performance.\nSummary: The 2023 Changan Yidong PLUS Enjoy Edition Blue Whale NE 1.4TGDI automatic premium model features a stylish design, comfortable interior, and practical functions. This car offers consumers another option.", "answer": "Main title: 93,900, 2023 Changan Yidong PLUS is listed!\n\nSubtitle: Enjoy the Blue Whale NE 1.4TGDI automatic premium model, new models and new choices, Autohome will bring you more details!", "reason": "The answer contains information about other apps \"Autohome\".\nSo there is a problem of \"external links or drainage\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
