{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nRecently, we learned that Trumpchi E9 Champion Edition ushered in the official listing, the new car launched a configuration model, priced at 349,800 yuan. And in terms of model positioning, the new car is positioned between E9 PRO and E9 MAX.\nIn terms of styling design, like in the front face styling part, the new car is the same as its grandmaster version model, using the front face design of the Oriental Lion, which is not only three-dimensional but also visually impactful. At the same time, we all know that the PRO and MAX models of the new car use the Kunpeng wing front face grille. On the side of the body, through the matching of the through waist line, the body looks very stretched and atmospheric, but also relatively more embossed. There are multiple aluminum alloy wheels under the body. And the tail design is still very square and atmospheric. At the same time, it can be seen that the horizontal and vertical shape design adopted by the through taillight group also better expands the horizontal visual sense of the tail, and the visual effect after lighting is also very prominent. In addition, the fast and slow charging interfaces of the new car are set on the left side of the tail, and the new car also supports V2L 3.3kW external discharge and V2V 5.5 kW vehicle-to-vehicle discharge function.\nIn terms of interior design, the new car provides two sets of interior styles, Yunshan Zhushui and Opera Palace, for consumers to choose from, and is equipped with a 12.3-inch combined driving control instrument and a 14.6-inch large floating central control screen. As for the configuration, compared with the E9 PRO model, the new car has more rear side windows, manual sunshades, leather seats, driver/rear power seat memory, adjustable buttons in the rear passenger seat and rear small table boards. In terms of price, the difference between the two is 20,000 yuan; compared with the E9 MAX model, the E9 MAX model has more fatigue driving tips, 15.6-inch rear LCD screen, active noise reduction, streaming media rearview mirror, steering wheel heating and other configurations. In terms of price, the difference between the two is also 20,000 yuan. Therefore, it can be seen that its configuration is relatively moderate and practical.\nIn terms of power, the new car is equipped with a 2.0TM hybrid special engine developed by GAC Trumpchi, with a maximum power of 140kW and a maximum torque of 330N · m, while the system has a comprehensive maximum power of 274kW and a maximum torque of 630N · m. The transmission system is matched with the GMC 400 two-speed DHT gearbox. In terms of battery, the new car is equipped with a 25.57kWh battery pack, with a pure electric battery life of 136km under CLTC conditions, and a fuel consumption of 6.05L/100km under WLTC comprehensive conditions. The comprehensive battery life can reach 1032km.\nThe latest car opinion: The Trumpchi E9 Champion Edition is positioned between the E9 PRO and the E9 MAX in its lineup, relatively further refining and enriching the product matrix. Of course, in terms of price and configuration, it should also be more moderate. Therefore, friends who are more interested in the Trumpchi E9 have a tight budget and do not have particularly high requirements for configuration. Then this Trumpchi E9 is still a very suitable option.", "answer": "349,800! Trumpchi E9 Championship Edition is officially listed, what is the price range?\nThe front face design is atmospheric, the interior of Yunshan Zhushui is luxurious, and the Trumpchi E9 championship version has arrived in the store.", "reason": "A pair of main subtitles were generated according to the instructions, and the main title was a question, and the subtitle was a declarative sentence. The main subtitle contained the specific model name \"Legendary E9 Champion Edition\", and there were no extreme words.\nSo there is no \"does not meet the requirements\" question in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nNowadays, pure electric vehicles have spread all over the streets, and their low cost of electricity and lighter driving have attracted the attention of consumers. The BYD D1 we are going to introduce today is also a model like this. It is said that it has attracted many online car-hailing users to buy after its launch. Let's take a look at the specific configuration. The explained model is BYD D1 2022, standard version.\nAppearance\nThe exterior design of this car is very simple, and the clean white body is matched with simple lines, which is very durable. The front of the car adopts an upper and lower double-layer structure, the upper headlight group is connected by the black trim in the middle, and the lower grille is connected with the spoiler control on both sides to form a \"mountain\" shape structure.\nFrom the side, the body is designed in a more subtle way. The side windows are connected to the taillights to create the effect of a suspended roof in an unusual way. The doors are very flat, with a straight waist line above the door handle, and a delicate trapezoidal design under the door. The wheels are 16 inches in size and have a petal-like structure.\nInterior\nThe interior design of this car is also very simple. The center console has a small island sticking out from the center, which is used as the control panel for the stop lever knob. The central control screen above is suspended on the bright black trim, with a size of 10.1 inches. What's more interesting is that the seat adopts a two-color design. The commonly used driver's seat is black, which is more resistant to dirt and very user-friendly. Functional aspects support reversing radar, reversing image, vehicle to everything, automatic speech recognition control system and other functions.\nSpace aspects\nThe size of this car is 4390x1850x1650mm, with a wheelbase of 2800mm. This data is still very luxurious. The editor is 176cm tall, sitting in the back row, with about two punches left in the legroom and about one punch on the top of the head, making it very spacious.\npower\nThis car is powered by a 136-horsepower electric motor with a maximum torque of 180N · m, which is very sufficient for daily commuting in the city. In terms of battery life, it is equipped with a lithium iron phosphate battery with a capacity of 53.6kWh, which adopts blade battery technology, which is reliable and safe.\nsummary\nThe overall performance of this car is still relatively good, the only drawback is that the price is not close enough, the official guide price is 160,800 yuan, if you, will you buy it?", "answer": "Main title: Is the BYD D1 worth buying?\n\n** Subtitle: BYD D1 2022, Standard Edition: King of Cost Performance, Spacious Space **", "reason": "The subtitle contains the extreme word \"king of value for money\", which does not meet the requirements.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"does not meet the requirements\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nDomestic models have also been dark horse models in recent years. Today, this one is Chery's Tiggo 9, which is also equipped with Chery's product technology accumulated over the years. We take Tiggo 9 2023 400T four-wheel drive flagship version 7 seats as an example, and sell 209,900 to see the static performance of this car.\nTiggo 9 also adopts the latest design of the family in the exterior design. The front face grid occupies a large area and is oval-shaped, and the interior is embellished with straight trim strips, making the front of the car look extra energetic. The edge area of the middle net is also designed with rounded corners to reflect the softness of the front of the car. The full lines of the hood are highly recognizable with the air intake below. The headlights are led light sources, the standard matrix headlights inside, its own far and near lights and automatic headlights.\nThe side of the car body presents a good sense of luxury as a whole. The door handle adopts a hidden design. At the same time, it has the visual effect of a suspended roof. There are not too many lines on it to outline, which looks extra full, while the tail lights are blackened. And use the current through-type shape. The whole side and tail have some similar to Range Rover. More like their extended version. Good visual effect.\nIn terms of interior, the whole style is also dominated by the smart cockpit. The 12.3-inch dual screen provides a good one. The technical car is equipped with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8155 chip. Whether it is the operation response speed or the feedback brought by the touch, it can have a good intelligent experience. The steering wheel is also a three-frame multi-function steering wheel, and a large number of leather materials are used in the car in terms of materials. Full of luxury.\nIn the space part, the size of the Tiggo 9 is 4820x1930x1710MM, and the wheelbase is 2820MM. The space performance is generous. The seats are made of leather seats, which are 2 + 3 and 2 + 3 + 2 seat layouts. The main and co-pilot support electric adjustment, and the second row can adjust the backrest angle and support proportional reclining to further expand the storage environment.\nIn terms of power, the car is equipped with a 2.0T engine with a maximum power of 261 horsepower and a maximum torque of 400 Nm. It is matched with an 8-speed automatic gearbox and consumes 8.5L. As a 1.7-ton model, it is quite good to have such tourists.\nIn general, the Tiggo 9 has shown good strength in terms of appearance and power, and also has a strong competitiveness in the market. At present, the price guide of the car is 15.29 to 209,900 yuan. What do you think of this car?", "answer": "Main title: Chery Tiggo 9, a domestic SUV rookie?\nSubtitle: 2023 400T four-wheel drive flagship version 7 seats, sales 209,900, excellent static performance", "reason": "According to the instructions, a pair of main subtitles were generated, and the main title was a question sentence, the subtitle was a declarative sentence, the main title contained the specific model name \"Chery Tiggo 9\", and the subtitle contained the specific model name \"2023 400T four-wheel drive flagship version 7 seats\". There were no extreme words in the main subtitle.\nSo there is no \"does not meet the requirements\" question in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nRecently, we learned that Trumpchi E9 Champion Edition ushered in the official listing, the new car launched a configuration model, priced at 349,800 yuan. And in terms of model positioning, the new car is positioned between E9 PRO and E9 MAX.\nIn terms of styling design, like in the front face styling part, the new car is the same as its grandmaster version model, using the front face design of the Oriental Lion, which is not only three-dimensional but also visually impactful. At the same time, we all know that the PRO and MAX models of the new car use the Kunpeng wing front face grille. On the side of the body, through the matching of the through waist line, the body looks very stretched and atmospheric, but also relatively more embossed. There are multiple aluminum alloy wheels under the body. And the tail design is still very square and atmospheric. At the same time, it can be seen that the horizontal and vertical shape design adopted by the through taillight group also better expands the horizontal visual sense of the tail, and the visual effect after lighting is also very prominent. In addition, the fast and slow charging interfaces of the new car are set on the left side of the tail, and the new car also supports V2L 3.3kW external discharge and V2V 5.5 kW vehicle-to-vehicle discharge function.\nIn terms of interior design, the new car provides two sets of interior styles, Yunshan Zhushui and Opera Palace, for consumers to choose from, and is equipped with a 12.3-inch combined driving control instrument and a 14.6-inch large floating central control screen. As for the configuration, compared with the E9 PRO model, the new car has more rear side windows, manual sunshades, leather seats, driver/rear power seat memory, adjustable buttons in the rear passenger seat and rear small table boards. In terms of price, the difference between the two is 20,000 yuan; compared with the E9 MAX model, the E9 MAX model has more fatigue driving tips, 15.6-inch rear LCD screen, active noise reduction, streaming media rearview mirror, steering wheel heating and other configurations. In terms of price, the difference between the two is also 20,000 yuan. Therefore, it can be seen that its configuration is relatively moderate and practical.\nIn terms of power, the new car is equipped with a 2.0TM hybrid special engine developed by GAC Trumpchi, with a maximum power of 140kW and a maximum torque of 330N · m, while the system has a comprehensive maximum power of 274kW and a maximum torque of 630N · m. The transmission system is matched with the GMC 400 two-speed DHT gearbox. In terms of battery, the new car is equipped with a 25.57kWh battery pack, with a pure electric battery life of 136km under CLTC conditions, and a fuel consumption of 6.05L/100km under WLTC comprehensive conditions. The comprehensive battery life can reach 1032km.\nThe latest car opinion: The Trumpchi E9 Champion Edition is positioned between the E9 PRO and the E9 MAX in its lineup, relatively further refining and enriching the product matrix. Of course, in terms of price and configuration, it should also be more moderate. Therefore, friends who are more interested in the Trumpchi E9 have a tight budget and do not have particularly high requirements for configuration. Then this Trumpchi E9 is still a very suitable option.", "answer": "Trumpchi E9 Champion Edition, how is the price/performance ratio?", "reason": "The answer only generated the main title \"Trumpchi E9 Champion Edition, how is the cost performance?\", missing the subtitle.\nSo the above answer has the problem of \"does not meet the requirements\"\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Please refer to the text below to generate a title for the relevant car series below, including the main title and subtitle\nGeneration requirements:\n1. The title includes the main title and subtitle. The main title is within 17 characters and the subtitle is within 50 characters. Text counts as 1 character, and punctuation, numbers, letters, and spaces count as 0.5 words.\n2. Both the main title and subtitle must be independent sentences, and both must be refined and summarized. The main title and subtitle must not conflict with each other\n3. The main title is a question sentence, and the subtitle is a declarative sentence\n4. Generative style should be eye-catching, but keep professional and objective; do not appear extreme words such as \"extreme\", \"best\", \"no two\", \"king\", \"perfect\", not overly exaggerated, and do not appear \"shock\" and other adjectives like advertising\n5. The main title summarizes the event as highly as possible, and the subtitle can introduce the vehicle's power parameters, main configuration, or event details based on the summary event\n6. Both the main title and subtitle should reflect the name of the model, and the copy should be as objective as possible to reduce the use of adjectives\n7. The content of the copy must not be invented out of thin air, but must be extracted from the content of the article. It can be appropriately refined and abbreviated, but the original meaning must not be changed\n8. The price range does not need to be fully stated, it can be used [from x 10,000 yuan]\n9. The period at the end of the sentence can be removed\n10. Generate a pair of main titles and subtitles\nThe most interesting thing in these cars is the Ideal L9, for no other reason, because the Ideal L9 is the highest-selling high-end large SUV; and the newly launched version is actually a low-end version, and the purpose of the launch is nothing more than to lower the price threshold and further increase sales. Li Auto's \"ambition\" is not small. It seems that tens of thousands of vehicles can no longer satisfy its appetite. Is the Ideal L9 Pro version with a price 429,800 and an actual reduction of 30,000 yuan worth choosing?\nWhether it is worth it depends on the configuration. When the price comes down, the configuration will come down.\nDifferential configurations include:\nAssisted driving chip, Pro version with Horizon Journey 5 single chip, 128TOPS computing power\nMAX version (459,800 yuan), using dual NVIDIA (NVIDIA) Orin-X chips, total computing power 508TOPS\nHigh definition camera · 8 million pixels, Pro version 1, MAX version 6\nOrdinary camera · 2 million pixels, Pro version 9, MAX version 5\nFront-mounted millimeter wave radar, both 1\nUltrasonic radars, all 12\n128-line lidar, Pro version does not have it, MAX version 1.\nThe main difference of the ideal L9 Pro version is the hardware configuration of the intelligent driving system. The core difference is the overhead lidar in the red box, and the comfort configuration and power platform are exactly the same.\nSo what are the differences between these configurations?\nIn short, the ideal L9 Pro version only supports assisted driving in highway scenarios, while the more expensive MAX version supports full-scene assisted driving in urban sections and highways.\nThe difference is this, the rational suggestion option is the ideal L9 MAX, although the price is 30,000 yuan higher, but the hardware standard of the intelligent driving system is higher; do not underestimate the lidar, without this radar in the future, it cannot be upgraded to L3 level and higher standard assisted driving. Ultrasonic radar is of little significance, it is just an ordinary reversing radar. Although millimeter wave radar is not affected by visibility, it cannot complete 3D modeling. So if you particularly like assisted driving and intelligent technology configuration, L9 MAX is an irreplaceable option.\nOn the contrary, if you are more concerned about driving experience, space and comfort configuration, as well as the aura of large SUVs, it doesn't matter. It is not recommended to use assisted driving on general urban roads. After all, the road conditions are too complex, and it is enough for highways to use lane keeping and full-speed adaptive cruising normally.\nLooking at the drive platform again, the ideal L9 Pro is still driven by front and rear dual motors, a four-wheel drive vehicle, with a power reserve of 330kW/620N · m, capable of breaking 100 in 5.3 seconds; the pure electric mode cruising range is still 215 kilometers (CLTC operating conditions), and the range extender model has not changed. It is still a 1.5T four-cylinder engine.\nThe overall competitiveness remains strong, especially compared to the NIO ES8.\nI believe that after the launch of the ideal L9 Pro version, the monthly sales of the car can reach the standard of the total sales of the NIO brand; but it is not that the NIO ES8 is not good, but the price of this car is high. Although the ES8 is equipped with lidar as standard, the guide price is 49.8-59 8,000, and this car is a medium and large car, which is smaller than the ideal L9 body. At the same time, the starting standard of pure electric cruising range is only 465 kilometers, and the highest is only 605 kilometers. It is indeed a bit low. Based on the starting price and other domestic car analysis of the same price, the cruising range of the ES8 should be at least 700 kilometers.\nOtherwise, facing the ideal L9 with no range and charging anxiety, it is inevitable that it will lack competitiveness. It seems that the high-end SUV still depends on Li Auto to perform.", "answer": "Main title: Can the ideal L9 Pro version continue to be brilliant?\nSubtitle: Low price and high matching, L9 is still cost-effective", "reason": "A pair of main subtitles were generated according to the instructions, and the main title was a question, and the subtitle was a declarative sentence. The main title contained the specific model name \"Ideal L9 Pro Edition\", and the subtitle contained the specific model name \"L9\".\nSo there is no \"does not meet the requirements\" question in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
