{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nHow about BYD Qin?", "answer": "BYD Qin (or BYD Song, it depends on which model you're referring to) is a Chinese electric car brand under the control of the conglomerate BYD Company Limited. \nIt has received mostly positive reviews for its innovative design and impressive range capabilities. Additionally, many consider it to be one of the most reliable EV brands available in China today. That being said, some consumers have noted that the cars are not as powerful or fast-accelerating as their combustion counterparts due to the limited power output provided by the battery. Nonetheless, they still provide a sustainable alternative to traditional gas vehicles with minimal emissions.", "reason": "The answer is in the entire foreign language, and it needs to be translated into Chinese. Only a small number of English nouns are accepted and cannot be translated into Chinese.\nSo there is a problem of \"there is a foreign language to translate\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nHow about the protective ability of motorcycle helmets?", "answer": "A motorcycle helmet is a piece of equipment specifically designed to protect the rider's head from collisions and impacts. It is usually made up of an outer shell, an inner shell, foam padding, and other materials. The outer shell of a helmet is usually made of a hard material such as ABS plastic, carbon fiber, etc., to provide protection from external impacts. The inner shell is usually made of a material such as polycarbonate, to provide protection from internal impacts. The foam padding is then placed between the outer shell and the inner shell to absorb the energy of collisions and impacts.\nThe protection of a helmet primarily depends on the quality of its design and manufacture. Generally speaking, helmets that meet safety standards can provide comparable protection. For example, the US Helmet Safety Standard (DOT) requires helmets to pass a series of tests, including crash tests, impact tests, and puncture resistance tests, to ensure that they have adequate protection.\nHowever, even helmets that meet safety standards cannot guarantee 100% safety. The protective ability of a helmet is also affected by other factors, such as how it is worn, whether the size and shape of the helmet are suitable for the rider's head, and the lifespan of the helmet.\nOverall, a motorcycle helmet is a very important piece of safety equipment that can provide considerable protection, but it also requires proper wear and maintenance.", "reason": "In the answer, there is no foreign language translation except for proper nouns such as ABS and DOT.\nSo there is no question of \"there is a foreign language translation\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[B]]", "label": 0}
{"instruction": "Answer according to the following questions, with clarity and no excessive nonsense\nBurned tires start without hurting the car", "answer": "Burning a tire is the process of heating the tire to a certain temperature while the car is running, and then deflating the tire to form a burnt-like state for easy starting. This practice can improve the grip of the tire, making it easier to start on slippery or greasy roads, but it can also cause some damage to the wheel and tire.\n\nSpecifically, the start of a burned tire will have a certain impact on the tire's cord, as high temperatures would cause the material to become brittle and prone to breaking. This could potentially lead to a loss of air pressure in the tire, which could cause problems with the vehicle's suspension system. In addition, excessive temperatures may also cause wear or cracks on the tire surface, which affects the service life of the tire.\n\nHowever, if the tire burn start is carried out correctly, and the heating time and temperature are controlled, the damage to the wheels and tires can be effectively avoided. For example, under certain weather conditions, such as in rainy or snowy days, the tire burn start can help the vehicle better grip and improve driving safety. At the same time, before starting the tire burn, it is necessary to ensure that the tire has been fully inflated and the tire drainage system is smooth, which can reduce the tire damage caused by wrong operation.\n\nOverall, a burnt tire can improve a vehicle's driving performance in some cases, but attention needs to be paid to controlling the operating time and temperature to avoid unnecessary damage to the wheels and tires.", "reason": "The second paragraph of the answer has most of English and needs to be translated into Chinese. Only a small number of English nouns are accepted and cannot be translated into Chinese.\nSo there is a problem of \"there is a foreign language to translate\" in the above answer\nSo the result is [[A]]", "label": 1}
